Epic game , every one knows this you would have to live on Mars not to know this . But like many other reviews on steam the company practice is also a part of the game experiance. And people are quite happy to down vote games because of there buisness practice and this is no different . Bethesda and Valve made a shameless attempt to make a cash grab on mods . They failed only because people stood up to them other wise we would be paying for mods now in most games. What makes it worse is both companys own a large part of there rise and success down to free mods. Suggesting a donation box for the actual developers of the mods who put time into making it and not a requirement to get the mod just a donation option People telling me to change the review are the same people who where trying to tell us all why paid mods is a good thing. White Knights of Valve and Skyrim please insert your tears and buthurt in the comments section below i only charge $1 per comment]So Valve and Bethesda have taken away paid mods. Cool and all the power to them but I belive Valve should still make it easier to donate to mod creators, especially on a game that's so heavily dependant on mods from the community. The base game is so open and full of promise, but it's also empty and borning. It's as if they made the game expecting mods to make it better. Original Review: Was a great game and still is but I'm just gunna give it a thumbs down for the forced payment of mods now. I figure if we the community can shove this games rating down far enough then maybe valve will reconsider the forced payment option and maybe let devs have a donate option instead.]Khajiit has mods, if you have coin.]I used to be a modder like you. Then I took a buyout in the knee]I can't support modding costing money.]Look this amazing mods!]paid mods ruin the feel of the game.]Paying for mods... nuff said I know that this review is out of date, I know that the problem was resolved, but I still plan to leave this review here. Reason behind that is, that I want to keep this review as a memento for any future attempt to destroy what we love about PC gaming. It may sound clich, but only because we wrote these reviews, only because we rated these reviews and only because we spammed forums and workshop we were able to make them to remove that monstorsity. I want to thank you, all of you who either wrote these negative reviews or did anything at all to stop this. Cmon guys, this review was so generic and boring and it still got more than 400 thumbs up in a few days, thank you.]I cannot in good faith tell you to buy this game, not with the new introduction of paid workshop/mod content. This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen. People will say "well just dont buy it" and i say to them F*ck you this shoudlnt have even been an idea EVER. This type of mindset will only bring about more nonsensical ways to get into your pocket. We as gamer's need to stop this and stop it now. Edit: On April 27 2015, Valve finally surrendered thus ending the war. I leave the original review here for historical reference.]Could Valve sink any lower? I dont think so. They already take a % for themselves from pretty much everything on Steam, but it doesnt seem to be enought for them, it never is. Charging for mods is something I would never think of, never. It is obviously always about money, how else to explain the fact that modders get only 25% from the mod price? Paying for mods is not an option, but donating should be considered instead. I do not recommend.]Steam is capitalizing on its effective monopoly to monetize artistic creativity of the modding community by incentivizing paid mods. Truly a sad day for PC gaming...]Pay for mods.]Paid mods are my limit. I will not accept this. Modding is about the passion of the hobby, it is NOT a business venture.]Paying for mods is a joke, do not buy.]Paid mods where "modders" moderate their own feedback and have no public relation skills. Paid mods where origin of the mod is never confirmed by valve before putting it up for sale. Paid mods that violate other companies/persons copyrights. Paid mods are just a mess. Game is okay, not the best in the line and scumbag moves like this just prove how hard they're grabbing for money. The mass of DLC was proof enough, but now it's just getting funny.]You have to pay cash for mods.]Well Valve you ED it up thanks!]Paid mods, not even once.]Did you seriously think people would think paying for mods would be a good idea? I mean.. One of the best things about PC gaming and you found a way to ruin it. gg Other than that, Skyrim is a good game.]Now with mods behind paywall and even early access mods!]If you are buying this game with the intention of modding it; please DON'T. With the new system of where Modders get paid for their works, it will lead to terrible mods being created for some quick cash. Not only that, but Valve takes 75% of the earnings and only gives the creators 25%. THEY ARE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE SKYRIM MODDING COMMUNITY. You probably have seen the thousands of early access games here on Steam. Now, we have Early Access MODS. Please do NOT support this practice! Modding is a hobby, not a job! And for any Mod Creators reading this; NO ONE is going to buy your . Especially if you charge 10$ for a set of armor. This system will only cause you to lose reputation and put you as greedy; causing you to lose thousands of people who would otherwise donate to you if they like your works. Please do not purchase mods!]Skyrim is an excellent game, it really is, and made all the better by an amazing modding community... ...Hence this negative review. Valve's decision to introduced paid-for mods threatens to decimate this community. Now, first and foremost: Do modders deserve money for their hard work? In many cases, yes , a thousand times yes. However, is this the right way of providing such a monitary incentive? No, a million times no. All this current system does is create a paywall that looks set to divide the community. Instead, Valve should have added a donate button. This way we could still reward those modders that we feel deserve a little something for their work, without creating this massive schism. I would urge anyone reading this to not support such a practice. Vote with your wallets and make this another 'Horse Armour' scandal. If there's a mod author whose work you really admire, instead of subscribing here, head over to the Nexus and contact the author about making a donation. And if the mod you like isn't on the Nexus any longer, find another mod. If you're a mod maker, please think twice about making a Steam-only release. The Steam Workshop is not a good mod manager for Skyrim. Anyone serious about Skyrim modding will need to use tools such as NMM or Mod Organizer, alongside other programs such as LOOT if they have any desire to have a stable experience. The Workshop only makes this process more difficult. It's as simple as that. This is an awful, and ill-advised move by Valve. I can only hope that this isn't the shape of things to come. Oh, and: https://youtu.be/eDyXIXyAZq0]I don't support a game where mods are paid content without the usual guarantees paid content provides. Not only that, 75% of the money goes to valve and bethesda, with a paltry 25% going to the modder IF his mod makes more than a total of $400. Valve is basically making free money with the work of gullible people that thought they could make a quick cash grab. Oh and, valve is also removing links to donation sites on free mods.]Remember, remember the 23'rd of April FOr it was the dark day when payed mods came. Now since they are gone i'd say GET THIS GAME. But'll it'll be still a negitive review as a reminder.]After Valve and Behesda introduced payware mods which opened a can of worms, I can no longer recommend this game. Paywalling mods is not the way to go as it introduces too many complex issues into the modding community that brings no benefits to anyone other than the Valve and Bethesda's pocket filled with money. I support the idea of getting the modders paid for their hard work in enriching the games but putting a paywall is not the right way. I support donations for modders as it is fairer as everyone has different level of perceived value for something. The only scenario I support paid mods is when a mod had done exceptional work where it can be essentially a full game or an official expansion with fair amount of new content and reasonable price tag, such as Age of Empires 2's Forgotten Empires mod that became an offical expansion. I would gladly pay for exceptional mods such as C&C Generals Rise of the Reds, Dawn of War's Ultimate Apocalypse or Homeworld 2's Complex mod as these teams had outdone what the developers had done with the original game and also provided a fresh and vastly expanded experience to the game. A sword or a handful of quests in Skyrim does not provide the fresh experience like those mods mentioned above. Not to mention the absurd price that they are selling mods for which costs as much as the game itself. Valve and Bethesda, you ducked it all up. Valve really needs to get their crap together with progressively worse server connection, Greenlight flooding the market with garbage, Steam Store that acts like an annoying sales man shoving garbage at you everyday, client stability that is getting worse and non existent customer server. At the same time, Valve is becoming increasingly more and more greedy to the point they even outdo EA, Ubisoft, 2K and the lot of greedy publisher. "You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain." Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight]Mediocre game, nice for freeplay after modding - except now you have to pay for mods to make the game enjoyable. Donations to mod creators are fine, forcing someone to pay for something your made in your freetime (hobby) is disgusting, especially since mods can get outdated rather quickly due to game updates and you have no guarantee the author will update the mod you paid for.]Paying for mods? Go find another game for this one is now cancer ridden. Play the older ones if you want to roam around and whatnot.]If I were to write a full review of this game, it would be nearly novel length. I would discuss all of the faults and failings of Skyrim, of how Bethesda took the generic route for more profit while selling out essentially everything that made Elder Scrolls worth playing, all while butchering the lore to cover their changes. Classes, a starting birth sign, the total nerf of all things magic, things like hand to hand being rolled into perks, the removal of stats, a whole class of armor being removed, reduction of armor pieces, the lies about spears, the broken marriage system, the dull civil war, the normalizing, and thus dulling effect on battling dragons, lore and plot hiccups and so much more could be covered. But instead, I can summarize it all with one message; I only bought this game because it could be modded. Really, the only reason why I even have well over 1000 hours in Skyrim is because of mods. On its own, even without ripping into every flaw, mistake, horrible design choice, the mountain of bugs and the aging engine that they still haven't bothered to work out flaws like the stuttering, Skyrim is not worth playing for more than a few hours. It holds no merit on its own, other than being open to modding. People can disagree, of course. There are a lot of people who still play it to this day on consoles, without the ability to mod. To them, I do not ask why, because it would solve nothing. I would still disagree with them. To me, this game is a flawed mockery of Elder Scrolls and the only thing that saved it is the modding community. I hold no hope for the future of Elder Scrolls, not after this game, and not after the way Bethesda so causally almost destroyed the community with their greed.]How to screw PC gaming. EA is proud of you.]Well, everyone else is making these ing negative reviews about the paid mods, so here is mine.......this is]Game - 10/10. Paid mods - 0/10. This can't be tolerated. Not only the whole concept of paid mods is wrong, but Valve is twisting it even more by giving the modders only 25% of the revenue the mod is generating.]pay only 99.99 for the mod that makes the game fun, goyim :)]Two words. Paid. Mods. Wha???? I like the game. but paid mods? Still trying to wrap my head around that I am a modder. I helped contribute to Mass Effect mods (MEHEM, CEM, and Harby Module, specifically). Now, I have not contributed to Skyrim mods, but I feel that I have enough experience on modding itself that I can at least have a justified opinion on the subject of Valve charging for mods. Basically, it is a terrible idea. "Why is that? Don't good modders deserve support?" some may ask. Absolutely. Black Mesa, for instance, is a good example of a mod that might deserve monetary compensation. Counter Strike started as a mod too. As a modder and a human, I like money. But this isn't the way to go about it. This situation Valve started is terrible, because it has resulted in, or will result in, the following: First, Valve, you have now made "modder" a dirty word here on the steam forums almost overnight. Thanks a bunch. You have now divided PC consumers and modders, when we used to be a pretty tight bunch. Second, I now see mods going up that are little tiny swords and whatnot going up for sale. Bundles already that cost more than the game itself. In other words, I am concerned about a complete influx of mods that are completely useless and tiny and unsupported and updated, just because of money-grabbers who want a piece of the pie. Third, this leads to microtransaction hell. Hell for consumers, and a deluge of stuff to compete against for us modders. This isn't healthy competition. It is gonna be cutthroat. Thanks again for taking the fun out of it. Fourth, there will be inevitable stealing of other's people's content and then selling it as their own. Some may claim that because they modified another mod's content, they now have created their own mod and are free to sell. I disagree. They are making money at the expense of others. Fifth, you have a "return policy," if it is even worth of the name, that is full of holes. First, 24hrs isn't much time to test if a mod will glitch out or not. Ever heard of a standard 14 or 30 day return policy? Let's say a consumer buys a mod, then one week later the modder releases an update. This update has a bug, and the game crashes or glitches out. Then let's say, for whatever reason (even a good one. Like real life got in the way) the modder doesn't release an update to fix the bug. Before today, big deal. You could either uninstall the mod or revert to a previous version. Given it was free, most people wouldn't complain too much. But NOW, a consumer will likely be stuck with a useless piece of software they paid good money for. Software that now is worth zilch. They will be, understandably, really upset, with no way to get their money back. Lastly, you, Valve, are likely hurting good, legal sites like Nexus Mods as some greedy people take their mods, or the "premium versions" off the site in favor of posting to the Steam Workshop. These sites rely on advertising revenue to run, and you will very likely hurt this revenue. Why do that? You used to have a reputiation of siding with the underdog. It is not like you are in competition with people like Nexus. It is not like they are EA, taking a corner of the market. And it isn't even like you really need the money Valve. This just feels to me like a cash cow. A move EA would be proud of, sadly. As a modder, I disapprove of this move Steam. This may have far reaching consequences, for everyone involved. As for the rest of you, if you are still reading (thanks by the way) please support the effort against this initiative by Valve. Sign the petition here https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop More importantly, speak with your wallets. The best way to change this policy is to not spend One. Single. Cent. on mods. No matter what. Keep mods free! Ad Astra per Aspera PS there is a protest group you can join here: http://steamcommunity.com/groups/BoycottSteamWorkshop]This game is vanilla and hopelessly broken without the modder patches not found in the workshop. I'm not against modders being paid for the work, but for the modders to only get 25% is a travesty and nothing short of greed on behalf of Bethesda and Valve. Its total BS. Any claims that modders are getting their dues or fairly paid for their work is nothing short of a lie that kills my faith in Valve. If you're willing to take the time to go "elsewhere" then it can become a fun game.]This game and community was amazing until this paying for mods fiasco started. I do not recommend this game until steam's pay for mods workshop ends.]Used to love this game, paying for mods. No way!]Edit: So the paid mods crisis is over, but I won't change my review. I highly enjoy the game, but in retrospect, it has no life in it. Skyrim is an ocean, with the depth of a puddle. While the game is fantastic and will give you a lot of fun, you will need mods to enhanced the experience. And that's why you SHOULD NOT buy it here. You should NEVER pay for mods. NEVER EVER. #paidmods #microtransactions]Until the mod store goes away, I will not recommend this game.]Bethesda releases a partially-finished game, and relies upon modders to release free mods which fix bugs and improve the game's graphics. If Bethesda wants to charge for mods, then they should make a game that is actually worth its cost in the first place.]Valve's introduction of paid mods have ruined this game. The game is very clunky as is, and (formerly) free mods are used to fix problems the developer overlooked. Unfortunately, Valve has forced the consumer to pay for mods to the game now. Value and Bethesda will not be receiving another dollar from me.]paying for mods? good joke. don't buy this trash.]Do you really think that payed mods is a smart idea? Mods have been the backbone of creativity with games, and it has always been known to be community based NOT CURRENCY BASED I feel its almost a Taboo to make people pay for mods. I don't blame Bethesda, even though they may have been the people to go to valve and propose this idea, but I give the FULL blame to Valve, and Steam. They are the ones with the ending decision to pull this kinda of . They have always been money grubbing and have practically created a PC gaming Hub Monopoly. Origin, Uplay, and the likes will never be what Steam is, and Valve knows this. That is why they are able to pull stupid  like this. Ive spent thounsands of dollars on steam, so have the hundreds of thousands of people that would frown at this have, and we only are here becauase steam honestly is kind of a last stronghold for PC gaming. That is the ONLY reason why. Not because you are good, not because you are doing your job well, but ONLY because you are the only PC gaming hub worth anyones time. Fix your  Vavle. Really. All you have been doing these past two years is do some of the most self centered things, and its only possible because Steam is a monopoly. Soon steam will fail, and it will especially if you keep pulling stupid  like this.]Paying 20 euros for a sword sucks, while the rest of the game is ok!]Greedy, greedy, greedy. Way to kill off the modding community for your broken game, Bethesda. ~~EDIT AFTER PAID MODS WERE CANNED~~ Way to almost kill off the modding community for your broken game, Bethesda.]From the company that brought you horse armor comes paid mods.]Paying for what was recently free = best business practice. Do not buy this game until this is removed.]Now that mods are becoming a paywall exclusive item, I cannot and will not support this game. This one item has driven all love from my heart in regards to the series and all goodwill for Bethesda has evaporated. I can only shudder at what this will mean for Fallout 4.]Modders who make mods as a hobby and share them in good will are forced to put a price tag on their formerly free mods just so other people won't steal the mod and sell it under their own name. This is where it all began and we can only hope that this is where it also ends. 1/10. Decent game, horrible business practice that is hurting consumers and modders and has the potential to deal great damage to one of the biggest assets in PC gaming.]Valve stealing creators money and pretending it's okay when it's not even their work.]Paid mods mark the end of PC gaming]I used to play this game all the time. Now by not supporting modders, I'll never play this game again.]I loved this game and loved the DLC, but I can't in good conscious recommend Skyrim. Bethesda, putting mods behind a pay wall is ridiculous. I hope you realize this, seeing as our community's immensely negative reaction has taken Skyrim's user rating down 12%. I truly hope you aren't planning to do this with the next Fallout game. I absolutely love Fallout and have always said I would purchase Fallout 4 no matter what, but if you decide to include payed mods in future games you will have lost my business.]Without mods this game has some serious issues. Trying to charge for mods, especially without quality gurantees or fair compensation for authors, is unacceptable and frankly really gross. I fear for what you're going to do with FO4 and TES6 ;(]Since valve decided to make pay for mods along with Bethesda, I will never buy a Bethesda game again. They are taking 75% of the profits for themselves while the modder gets 25%. What if the modder decides to take his content down. then who wins?! This is a joke, Bethesda you never created it in the first place so its not yours to profit off of!!! Screw this game. Down with tyranny and down with valve!]Payed mods? No thanks.]Sorry, but I'm out. Just no interest in supporting a game that uses paid mods.]Was a great game, mostly because of all the free Mods. But then came greed.]It was a great game until Valve and Bethesda decided that now we have to paid mods.]Paying for mods is dumb.]The introduction of paid mods for skyrim is one of the most egregious crimes against PC gaming ever committed. Do not support Bethesda in doing this.]It would be better with mods but you have to pay for them. And I'm not paying for something that was free. Something like that,  this game, do not recommend.]Skyrim is all about mods. Mods helped to fix all the bugs left by Beths and make the game more fun. And now Beths and Valve decides to take advantage of this and make the mods = DLC. Good job ruining what made this game great.]Birth of dlc 2.0. Originally bought the game for free modding.]- Paid mods - Doesn't run at 120 Hz because Bethesda can't into programming - Awful combat and movement, I sure love strafing in mid-air]Paid mods, sounds scary I know. Supporting the people who made the mods that make skyrim an actually playable game, undoubtedly a good thing. Now here is the problem, the modders could have at anytime made their own sites, or a single collective site, where they get all the money people pay for their mods. They didn't need valve to do this. Until paid mods, at least via steam, are gone. Please do not buy this game, do not download this game on free weekend. Instead sign the online petition. This may be the first time some of you have noticed this, but gaming news sources, are liars. If the modders want money, they can do it themselves. Some mods I would pay for. But All of that money would be for the people who spent their time and effort making those mods. LOOK AT NUMBER OF HOURS PLAYED BY THE USERS TELLING YOU THEY WILL NOT RECOMEND THIS GAME, DUE TO PAID MODS.]Had to play this game with over 50 mods just to enjoy it. Now it looks like I might have to pay additional fees in the future? No thanks.]Now that you have to pay for Mods I would not reccomend anymore. Unless you don't have a problem spending $100-200 beyond the purchase price.]Nice work screwing up your game bethesda, My favourite ES game is now Daggerfall as you've told us that modding is a service to you, and not to the ones liking the game. P.S Please don't kill off DaggerXL]The fact that VALVE and Bethesda have added paid mods has lowered my opinion of this game. I cannot reccomend a game, or game company that exploits its players.]Once this game is supporting paid Mods, I highly recommend to NOT buy this game and/or any correlated Mod Alternatively, I support modders with donations]Deciding to charge for mods has ruined everything. Use the mod Nexus to find free mods.]Paid mods = FAIL]Introducing New Ways to Support Reviewers Steam Customer Reviews has always been a great place for sharing opinions, game recommendations, and all kinds of unoriginal jokes that you've not created. Now it's also a great place for selling those. Buying From Steam Customer Reviewers If you've been using Steam Customer Reviews, you already know how many incredible reviews are available for many of your favorite games. By paying for reviews and supporting the people writing them, you enable those artists and creators to continue working in their reviews and inspire new reviewers to try their hand in creating new, high quality reviews and experiences. Buy a recommendation today. Pay what you want, $5 minimum.]Paid Mods. this should be enough information. Pirate the game and get the mods from nexus or other people who are hording them on disks]I've always loved this game, and of course the mods. Now we will have to pay for mods that will quickly go unsupported due to the nature of the modding system. Why pay for something that won't continue to have support and might cause other mods to crash or corrupt my saves over time? I understand the argument for paid mods, but this particular implementation of that practice has me completely against the idea. Make the mod creators accountable for their product before you start charging.]Don't buy this game. You have to pay for workshop items just because the big V is as greedy as uncle scrooge.]Please pay to read the full review]Pay for mods. Valve has betrayed us.]Until Steam completely changes the mod monetization to be a donation basis or removed altogether do NOT buy this game. Support the modding community and tell Valve to shove their greed up their sweetroles.]Think about the message you're sending as a leader in digital rights managament and gaming platform before you decide to set a precedent as damaging as allowing users to sell their broken content through your service. Unfortunatley Bethesda was not only all for this, but wanted to then tax the creators 75% of their profit to add to the pile of cash they've accrued from their best-selling, industry-leading, formerly "Overwhelming positive" reviewed game. TL;DR: C'mon, man. If I wanted to buy broken content at a premium I'd just use origin.]Paid mods? That's the end of this classic.]Great game, great community. Ruined by Valve's choice to facilitate paying for mods.]damn fine game. Damn horrid buisness practices!]Valve introducing paid mods is a disaster and a paywall to a game that has already been produced and profited off of. While some may say specific elements are not fully representative of the finished product, the actions taken by all members through monetization and greed create a framework for failure.]Mods made this game still interesting...]Introducing paid workshop mods for Skyrim made this game not worth the hassle anymore. You should not charge people for other people's work and cut 75% off the original creator.]Don't get me wrong, Skyrim is an awesome game. But paying for mods? That's too much. As much I love Valve and Bethesda, this is too much. We must do something for this. LIKE. NOW.]I don't really like the paid mods thing.]Bringing paid mods is wrong and should not be supported at all.]It's unfortunate that Steam has begun adopting the practices of the industry from which it previously set itself apart.]As a Skyrim modder who's spend easily 250+ hours creating a massive level that spans 1/3 the length of the Skyrim map, I find it unbelievable that Valve and Bethesda want 75% of the profit if I ever chose to add a donation button. Personally I would never charge for a mod I've done, I'm giving back to the community that's given me so much enjoyment. But a donation button seems reasonable for people who might like to say thanks with their wallet for all the hard work modders have done. The Skyrim modding community is an incredible and unique and for Vale and Bethesda to attempt monetize it has left me questioning my relationship with these two companies. It's pretty disingenuous to release the Creation Kit for free, then YEARS later say we want $$$! I have a feeling that some lawyers at Bethesda realized, after four years, that mods are an untapped revenue stream for their shareholders and decided to capitalize on it, without having any idea how that would effect the community or their company's image. With Fallout 4 and TES VI on the horizon, this looks like a cash grab by Bethesda, an attempt to solidify a money-making scheme for future releases. This nickle-and-dimming people to death has no place in PC Gaming. Find a better way to do it because you're turning your fan base against you. TL:DR 11/10 before, -1/10 after the decision to take a 75% cut of revenue from modders.]Are u serious? I now have to pay for player created mods? Are u F@#cking for real Valve? So basically 180hrs of character and story creation down the gurgler because some greedy exec sold the idea of pay for mod? unistalling a brilliant game, actually unistalling all Valve games. I'm done with these moneymongers.... Bathesa Software, you've been donked....and Valve didn't even buy u dinner....]They screwed it all up. Pointless monetization of a game four years old.]This game is good. It is made great by community made mods, however that community is now broken up into different sides due to this paid mods bussiness and the game and its players suffer for it. Sad.]The base game is rather disappointing, littered with bugs, mediocre gameplay, and a rather uninteresting story. The one redeeming factor it has are the array of mods avaliable, and with the state of Steam Workshop, and the push for paid mods, buy this game with extreme caution.]I've put more time into Skyrim than probably any other game, and for one reason: mods. Free ing mods. I've followed and supported the mod creators whose work became essential to my Skyrim experience, and to now see the lifeblood of this game locked up behind a paywall is disgusting. Mod creators should be rewarded, but not with a 25% payout on a purchase made by people who haven't even gotten the chance to use the mods yet. Let's hope everyone comes to their senses by the time TES 6 comes out. Then again, I thought Bethesda had done so after horse armor...]I am no longer recommending this game or Steam's service as of April 26th 2015. In light of recent events, it has occurred to me that Valve and Zenimax no longer care about the customer or communities. It is a disappointing turn of events, and I wish the right thing would be done. Unfortunately, I see little chance in that happening; the damage is done. REASONS FOR NOT SUPPORTING PAID MODS It opens up opportunities for theft. Gabe Newell stated that it is "impossible" between the community and Valve at this happening. Yet it's already happened, several times in fact, with the first bundle of mods released. What's worse, if modders want to see if their work is being stolen, they must go through the arbitrary paywall. It dissolves the intertwining of mods. It's not just entire mods being stolen, it's also assets. What Zenimax and Gabe Newell do not understand is Skyrim has mods that are related to other mods, mostly through the use of the same resources. Modders release resources(for FREE) online to share FREELY with other modders. So what happens when a modder makes something with their hard work, and asks money for it? How will those other modders who shared their resources get paid, or even be aware their work is being used like this? Not even mentioning the fact that many modders who create things in software like Blender or Photoshop don't even have licenses to monetize on them. This is why it's a terrible idea, the mods depend too much on each other to have some of them put behind a paywall. It splits the community. Partly for the reasons above and for many other reasons, the community is damaged through this action. Gabe Newell said that money is what drives a community, perhaps for communities that are money-driven. But he doesn't realize that the modding community has worked for well over a decade with little issue. And here Valve and Zenimax enter, destroying that sense of community in just a few days. Great job. The modders get shafted. I'm not saying modders don't deserve money for their hard work, or that I'm unwilling to pay. If you take a look at my Steam library you'd know I pay for my products. My problem with the current system is that it is a very insulting way of going about it. When the modders do all the hard work, they get 25%. In what way is this a fair deal to them? That insinuates that Valve is getting 30% and Zenimax is getting 45%. Why do either of you deserve that cut? What have you done except provide the tools and service to distribute these mods? Does a car mechanic give the majority of his cash to the car manufacturer and tool makers? The deal is a raw one, and frankly it is an insulting one. If people want to support these modders, it is best done through donations where they get all the money they deserve. For the reasons stated above, I request that you cease and desist this morally, legally, and creatively stunted attempt at making an extra buck. Save your reputation before it's too late.]10/10 game, but paid mods? Yeah sure, let's pay bethesda for doing nothing. Rating this game down after what Valve has done]mods are now dlc.]Paid Mods are the bane of gaming..]I loved this game. But I can't stomach paid mods. Donate button yes. Paywall no.]Paid mods... no need to say anything else]Its a fantastic game, with mods on. But I guess you gotta pay extra to get that fantastic experience otherwise you're in for a slog.]I am really not cool with the recent "additions". A donation button that leads directly to the modders would be highly preferable.]Skyrim is a game that is quite frankly not worth your time, and I'll tell you why. Pros: The world is beautifull Cons: The combat is extremely dull and very repetetive The combat is easy The game is far from balanced in any way The world does not feel immersive what so ever. You can fullfill any role, like being the Emperor and the Leader of the "bad guys" at the same time There is no charma system The only thing that could make this game any good is if you decided to mod the hell out of it. Now You cannot do that anymore, since it's all behind paywalls. Valve takes a greedy 75% of the money, so the developers of the mod gains very little. If you want to support mods (as you should), donate to the mod authors directly if you can. In it's current state this is quite frankly not worth your time "Skyrim is as wide as an ocean, but deep as a puddle"]Steams decision to add paid mods for Skyrim? I guess the game took an arrow in the knee.]Play with 200 mods? Pay 1000 extra!]Adding a paywall for mods is just stupid. One of the worst deciscions ever made.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim development team (Bethesda) and Valve have recently reached a deal where mods can be sold on its Steam Workshop. While already a dubious concept, it has been executed horribly. For example: *Valve receives a 30% cut on mods. The publisher determines their cut, in this case 45% goes to Bethesda, leaving modders with 25%. Money IS paid not in store credit but instead in real cash, but only after the modder accumulates a $100 cut, which will not happen for most mods. *Due to a lack of copyright on mods, there are mods which are being stolen and being resold as a paid mod. There is also no protection against any mod being stolen, in a legal or DRM sense. *There is no quality control on mods in the Steam Workshop, and modders have no obligation to provide a working product or to update their mods, which will lead to refund concerns. *Due to many free mods' dependencies on what was other free mods that are now becoming paid mods, end users will have to pay for those mods in other to use other mods which depend on them. This will be happening with the SkyUI mod. *Mods such as "Midas Magic" are having their free versions removed by the modder after he attempted to integrate pesterware for the paid version into them. *P2W and cosmetic mods will likely dominate the market over expansions, as less work needs to go into those and that is where "the money" is. The entire thing reeks of bad business practice, and is a mess. A better way to execute donating to modders is to set up a tip jar system, where users can pick up and thoroughly test and play with a mod and then go back to the modders' workshop page where they can give modders a tip out of their Steam Wallet. This system as it stands shafts users, and it shafts modders as modders have to sell $400 out of a single mod to see any sort of money. I cannot endorse a company which is endorsing this practice.]I love this game but paid mods is going too far.]This whole paid mod stuff is disgusting.]I used to enjoy this game. But considering the only way to make it enjoyable is by heavily modding it, It seems like Valve doesn't want me to any more. The trouble with loyalty to a cause, is that the cause will always betray you.]used to be 10/10 now its 0/10  paid mods and  steam EDIT: no more paid mods but still 0/10 because it happened and it seems like they'll try something y again]11/10 will pay for mods to support Beth/Valve and their peasants paid modders Paid mods FTW! I eagerly awaits this model to be adopted across all workshop games! Well done Valve]Paying for mods leads to a seperation between consumer and modder and will be the death of modding. Don't let this happen. Boycott Valve. Money is the only way to get their greedy attention.]Yeah Valve, some content creator deserve to be paid. No, you and Bethesda don't deserve 75% of this money. You should be ashamed Bethesda to kick in the nuts the community that made your game what it is today.]This game can no longer be recommended in my book, bethesda and valve are charging for mods, one of the largest things that sets this game apart, do not buy.]After Oblivion, Bethesda strikes again with a half-cooked open world RPG. The real strength of Skyrim and the such always remained about fans and modders who were able to polish the base game, fix bugs, doing most of the time a better job than people paid to build the game. Now, with paid mods, and Bethesda getting a cut on sale (and a heavy one), they can simply do even less, release a poor game that will be fixed by players. For free. Cherry on top? Bethesda will be paid for others to fix their crap. You lost yourself a customer, and a long time supporter, idiots! You're the very basic definition of what's wrong in this industry. You make me puke.]I feel like this game is very overrated. There's a ton of content for sure, and that gives me a lot of stuff to do, but what fun is it if I find the combat so damn boring? Few of the attacks seem to carry any real weight, and magic feels underpowered to me. My favorite part of this game was the modding community, and how you could take a mediocre game like this and make it something different and beautiful. Recently, however, Bethesda and Valve have gotten greedy and now the mod scene for this game is crumbing in on itself. For its current sale price it's a pretty good deal, and I would say everybody should probably play it at one point or another because it's generally considered a classic, but please don't buy any mods. Buying mods tells these companies that we're okay with them making money off of every single aspect of gaming, even work they never did. They shouldn't be making a dime off of these mods, and in fact they should be paying these modders for driving more people to their game.]Enjoy needing paid for mods to fix the broken game they sell by default.]New Review: While the practice of paid modding has been suspended (for now), my gripes with the many problems in this vanilla version of thing game as well as the overall lack of content remain a big factor. The game grows dull, boring, and redudant quick. Most of the game involves going from point A to point B to something and then fast travel back to Point A to go to Point C. If you want to know why I was crafting Dragonbone armor before completing my Fus Ro Dah shout, there you go. I find it very hard to pick back up after I stop playing, and that's a shame. Old Review: While this supports paid mods and as a modder I strongly do not, it is a disgusting practice making its way onto the gaming scene that should remain on the mobile market and elsewhere. Until the practice stops, I cannot recommend this game for purchase at all. Hell, not even Oblivion or Morrowind. Spend your money elsewhere and for games that encourage free modding, the same goes for dropping support for any mod authors who has the gall to put their mod up on the Workshop and/or those removing/hiding their Nexus mods. Do not support mod authors who support monetizing something that is free, do not support Bethesda either. Aside from that, the game is plagued with bugs, game-breaking glitches, etc. Mods helped make all these problems go away, and now they intend to be gated behind a paywall.]The mods fixed the game, now that they are paid I strongly recommend to steer clear of this game until the issue has been fixed.]I used to be an adventurer like you.. But then greed took over the mod section for a game that's run by them and thus, I hauled my ss out of that profession quicker than a cougar on cocaine.]Valve/Bethesda will be remembered by how they single handedly tore apart the modding community, a community that created modifications out of passion for their beloved games and extened a games life for countless years to come. Now we have a modding community split in half with those who believe in the old ways of modding and those who would rather "sell-out" in favour of a quick buck all thanks to the introduction modding monitisation. I fear for the future of modding, or should it be known as 3rd party DLC? I can't support these greedy money grabbing tactics and thus I cannot recommend a game that supports such tactics.]As much time as I've sunk into the various versions of this game through console and PC, and it's previous iterations, I cannot and will not support a publisher and platform that thinks they can swoop in and skim a massive profit off the top of others hard work. Your success is due to us, the longevity of each game in your franchises is due to us. To blatantly screw with the foundations of what has built your success is arrogant and greedy.]Just reviewing to voice my concern regarding paid mods.]Awful after the implemention of the paid mods.]Paid mods have had a negative impact on my skyrim experience.]Paid mods really valve]paid mods have ruined what made this game great]Paid mods? How bout my free review*. * The postive review is available for only 3,69.]Dont buy Volvo introduced paid mods. 0/10 Wouldnt pay for mods ever.]366 hours, but a negative review. What gives? Paid mods.]Skyrim is a great game, but only when you can mod it. Mod the game to make it look amazing. Mod the game to have entire new areas to explore, areas never before seen, areas with beautiful areas and amzing NPCs and quest. Mod the game to fix the bugs that Bethesda refuses to fix. Now modding is at risk thanks to the greed of Valve and Bethesda. Essential mods going behind paywalls, awful mods with no quality control charging money to dupe gamers out of more money. Until this is fixed, I cannot give this a positive review, not anymore. Edit: Paid mods have been removed, rejoice! However, this review shall stay up as a reminder of what Valve/Bethesda tried to do.]Want to play a vanilla game with a ton of bugs? GREAT! Get Skyrim. Want to be able to download free mods and patches to extend gameplay? Well Valve says  you.]The main reason I got this game on launch was the promise of mods that would supply the game with content for years to come; now Valve has monetized the main insentive to PC gaming and have driven many of their fans away, including me. Dont buy mods, use Nexusmods for free mods, and start diversifying your game-distribution clients away from Steam. Go use Origin, GOG, Humblebundle and Desura instead; we can not let Valve take monopoly of the market, as they WILL use it to sieze the market and harm PC gaming.]Paid workshop for mods, nuff said. Piece of shoite]Been playing these games since Daggerfall and it's sad to be done with them, but oh well.]This game is the start in the next wave of increasing revenue by Valve, avoid this game until paid mods is removed. The base game is a broken buggy mess until mods fix it, Valve is now trying to charge for the mods.]Valve and Bethesda make a play to exploit the modding community. It's simple, they want the modders to make almost all the content and bug fixes, while they take the lion's share of the money earned.]Skyrim is a decent game, made great by mods. Now that Bethesda (the publisher) starts having people pay for mods the vanilla game itself - without mods - is nothing i would recommend people to play.]Paid Mods?! LOL WTF.]The game is great but not its new policy for paying for mods especially when the modder only gets 1/4 of the cut.]it's apparently cool now to hate on skyrim]I don't endorse the new nonsense about paid mods where the modder gets 25% and the companies the rest what the hell is wrong with people and half the mods use stolen assets <-<]To hell with paid mods .]Valve and Bethesda should start selling bugfixes next time. You know that exploit when you can jump from whiterun to skyrim without a loading screen,fall from a hole to under whiterun and access the merchants chests? you can be a fully legit whiterun citizen just for 1.99$]Doesn't even let me get pass the first screen when starting a new game, useless, do not buy, waste of money.]Paid Mods take an otherwise great game and turn it into something I don't want to support anymore. Based on that alone I can no longer recommend this game. This is damaging to the PC gaming and modding community.]The Elder $crolls 5: Paywall]Completely ruined by the paid mods The replayability and (atleast for me) the fun of Skyrim relies on the ability to download all the mods you want. But nowadays those mods are behind a stupid paywall. So the essence of Skyrim is now behind microtransactions (that aren't always very micro ). So if you want to have actual fun in this game, you have to actually pay for unreliable downloadable contant that has no guarantee of updates, patches or support. Of course, you have 24 hours to get a refund. But here's a scenario: You download a mod, pay for it and it works fine. But after 24 hours, the author releases a patch that breaks the mod. Now, you have no way to get your money back! Good luck. TL;DR Don't do it: Not fun without throwing big amounts of money to potential scams]Paid Mods: ruining the PC gaming community. Aside from the issue of there being no verification that the uploader actually owns the mod, are modders allowed to charge for a derivative or addon work? If so, do we want them to? If so, do we want Steam to be the portal for that, rather than a dedicated website which wouldn't take a cut of the profits? No. It's Skyrim, you should already know the game by now. Mostly good (and vastly improvable through free mods) visuals, mostly good (and improvable through free mods) gameplay, and the well-known Radiant AI system that allows certain quest arks and mission types to be infinite. This will get repetitive, but is a nice way to ensure the game doesn't get boring.]Paid mods are gone yes I know but my headline still stands. Sadly this game has now become a "horse armour collecting game" with the new paid DLCs i mean mods. Base game: 3/10 The base game is fundimentaly boring and buggy you first need to install the Unoffical patches for the game to make it stable before being able to play without quest lines breaking and CTDs happeing. This is because Bethesda haven;t lifteda finger to patch the game since 2013... they don't care they let modders fix there  while they raked in the sales. If you get the chance to buy this game in a sale do so it's worth it but only if you use mods to make it tabel and more fun. Base game modded: 11/10]Great game, but this is a step in the wrong direction for the modding community. Valve forgot to not be evil.]I disagree with putting mods behind a paywall, due to concerns on mods breaking down and the split of profits between distributor and modder.]Positive review costs 4,99. Free the mods!][THIS IS AN EXTREMELY LONG ANALYSIS OF SKYRIM SEVERAL YEARS AFTER IT'S BEEN RELEASED. FEEL FREE TO SKIP TO THE BOTTOM IF YOU CAN'T / DON'T WANT TO READ IT ALL. LONG STORY SHORT, MODS MAKE THIS GAME WORTH PLAYING. PAID MODS MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO RECOMMEND] So, I've been a fan of the elder scrolls since I was very little, starting with Oblivion, moving on to skyrim, and ironically falling in love with Morrowind and playing the modded version more than any other non-mmo I've ever played. I love the incredibly rich, metaphysical, surreal backstory, as well as the roleplaying / simulator aspects in Morrowind. I just uninstalled skyrim today after realizing it just wasn't worth it anymore to keep trying to make it work. It's a buggy mess, and when I try to pad the game with mods that make it less shallow and more fun I just have to deal with all the bugs and issues involved with the mods as well. It's just not worth it anymore. For me, the novelty of skyrim wore off very quickly. As many people say, it's an ocean wide and a puddle deep. It leads you to believe there's more to it than there is. Unlike previous games, every character I made felt pretty much the same: an oafish, clumsy nord. This was in part due to design decisions, and also due to developer overlooks. The removal of athletics and acrobatics removed an entire playstyle that allowed your character to be agile, jumpy, and nimble, which killed bosmer / khajiit for me. The fact that I couldn't do a sprinting jump, and instead have to sprint, wait a full second (And bump into the object I'm trying to avoid) THEN jump, left me feeling like a clumsy stupid nord every playthrough. The fact that staves dissapear when you sheathe them, everyone is the same height in first person, and your off-hand weapon just randomly appears in your hand makes the game seem lazy and breaks my immersion. Unlike in morrowind, guilds are less about simulating a role / job for your character, and more about following a preset storyline. That would be fine if the storylines were actually GOOD. My god the narrative mess that is the College of Winterhold still haunts me to this day. And don't get me started on the Bard's College. The thing that really irks me about these questlines is that they all just devolve into random dungeon crawls. I counted: you only need to use magic thrice in the mages guild. Advancing through the guild has nothing to do with actually using magic or being skilled. You're just watching a poorly developed story unfold, not rising through the ranks of an esteemed guild of scholars. There's no way to distinguish your character or give him a personality through dialogue or your race / class. This was a stark difference from fallout 3 and New Vegas, where your perks gave you extra dialogue options and could change entire questlines, and you could choose dialogue options that really gave your character an interesting personality. Skyrim game seems afraid to give you any consequences. Argonians aren't allowed in Windhelm? Except for you! Khajiit aren't typically trusted in the cities? Funny, no one even seems to realize I'm a khajiit in the first place. Not even a unique quest for argonian players to gain entrance into the city. You may say "This would've been too hard for the devs to implement" but it makes me wonder why they present these plot-points into the game if they're not willing to actually follow through with them. There's not even a single mention of your race throughout the entire game other than the occassional quip from a bandit. My altmer was walking by some dominion soldiers, and I was surprised they didn't even have any unique dialogue. They just treated me like I was a nord and shooed me off, not even scolding me for being a "traitor" to my kind. Entire quests could have been more unique by acknowledging the unique aspects of my player instead of pretending they don't exist. The quests give you the illusion that you'll be able to influence the world or change things, then snatch away the opportunity at the last minute. The Civil War for example: no matter who you side with, no high king will ever be crowned, and no one in the world will ever acknowledge the war is over. In the Markarth quest you can side with the forsworn but there are no consequences. The forsworn will still be hostile to you and nothing ever comes of your allegiance. You can come up with any excuse you want to explain these things, but the fact remains that Bethesda CHOSE not to take these choices further. So what you're left with is a shallow dungeon crawler with a lackluster combat system, removal of many rp aspects, a weak narrative, and....well that's it. I know the other games had issues too, but I expect a developer's work to improve over time. Not to mention the massive amount of game-breaking bugs that exist. Am I the only one that thinks it's ridiculous that MODDERS ar ethe ones that have to make "unofficial" patches to fix the bugs in this game? Isn't that embarrassing? If this was any other game company that would be unacceptable. How much longer can bethesda get away with these oversights and bugs until fans get sick of it? I know we like to explain it away by saying "They made an ambitious open world game! It's hard to get rid of the bugs!" Well if you're going to be ambitious, don't you think your work and polish should reflect that? Ambition is worthless without execution. I guess the main thing that I personally didn't like about skyrim was that it never felt like a roleplaying game or at least not the type of rpg I like. Morrowind felt like a roleplaying simulator, where you were dorpped off in a world and left to your own devices, free to simulate any role you wanted to. In the mages guild you actually did research and find magic artifacts and learned about history, in the imperial legion you actually felt like a gallant knight who used his brawn and his wit to keep the people of vvardenfell under control. Morrowind had a LOT of issues, and is incredibly outdated, but for what it was I think that it did a better job of this than Skyrim. In Skyrim, I just feel like I'm on soft-rails in an open world, watching the pretty killcams and interacting with the world, but I never felt like a living person in a living world. TL;DR The only saving grace for Skyrim are the mods, but they often become too much of a hassle to make it worth it. With steam's new introduction of PAID MODS, Skyrim has officially crossed the line into "not worth it" territory. Unless you want to pay for a full game AND the dozens of mods you need to make it a great game, then just go back to Oblivion or Morrowind, or hell, download Morroblivion, the mod that combines oblivion amd Morrowind into one game. It's great.]Once upon a time there were free mods. But then the evil lord Gaben destroyed al our sweet dreams RIP in pieces Skyrim #crievrytime #Gaben2spooky4me]As a lifelong gamer I feel it's my solemn duty to my hobby to have a brain aneurysm and flip the  out about a minor inconvenience like having to download mods for an old game I don't really play any more on a third party site like Nexus and install them manually to avoid farting out a couple of nickels for the greedy Jews at Valve in order to be able to just press a button on Steam that installs and updates everything automatically for me. This is LITERALLY on par with the Holocaust, and because I consider myself someone who cares very deeply about ethics in gaming, when I take a stand and scream through my keyboard understand that this is not just about being against paying money for mods - this is about the Holocaust. You don't support the Holocaust, do you? ...so without further ado... *eye twitch* WHAT THE  VALVE HOW DARE YOU I HATE YOU SO MUCH WHY GABE WHYYYYYYYY ASHDJAHDKJHAKJSDHASNJDKJAEIUWEILJALSDAKJSDAUIWHUAJW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]The stand alone game is amazing but I can't recommend it due to Valve's and Bethesda's decision to start charging for mods. This is toxic to the community and I'm shocked Valve would even consider something like this.]This was a great game but then they started the pay for mods.]Whoever supports mods behind a paywall is a degenerate. (Optional donations are good and I donated myself, but to lock people out of your mod, simply because they CAN'T fukken pay you, is a nogo.)]Why get this game if you can even mod it without paying for the game all over again? PC gaming biggest advantage was the ability to mod with basically difficulty for free! Valve is trying to take that advantage away with paid mods. I wouldn't be surprised if Valve scrapped this whole paid mod thing but it will forever stain the name of Valve and Steam.]Paid mod!!!! Shame on you Valve\Bathesda and greedy modder.]Boycotting the Paid Mods!]You know I used to like this game. I used to have a postive review on this game and was planning to get back into this game. But Bethesda and Valve decided to do something that not even EA would do and that is force paying for user created Mods. Yes I understand that no work should be done for free and yes I do agree hat modders should get rewarded for their work and dedication. BUT i don't agree that I should be forced to pay for Mods, that is why donations exist. Since the dawn of PC gaming Mods has always been free and this should never change. The reason Mods exist is because gamers want to show their passion for a game they love and extend the life of the game and share their dedication to other people. As a result people would donate to show their appreciation to the modders dedication. But now that time is gone apparently because now apparently people are as greedy as ever. What happens to the people like myself who already donated money to modders but now have this pay wall to force pay a particular mod? This is shady business practice and if this doesn't change soon then pirating will become a bigger issue and everyone will lose. Till then I don't recomend the steam version and the pirated version seems the better choice to show that this new business practice is huge mistake.]I will not pay for mods that should be free. Let Bethesda and Valve pay for their boldness. Initiatives such shameful should be punishable by prison sentences for going against the common good.]VALVE HAS BETRAYED US. YOU NOW PAY FOR MODS. BUT THE PC MASTER RACE AIN'T DEAD YET. JOIN US AT gog.com!]This was a notable game, now all my weapons, houses and waifus are dead and my save is corrupted because I have to pay for the mods that I was using. Gabe, you were the chosen one. It was said you'd save the industry not join them.]paid mods are not the way it valve]Rather mediocre game without mods. User interface designed for low res televisions at large viewing distance. Magic becomes underpowered in late game. Many bugs require unofficial patch mods. Nearly every dungeon has the same basic layout. The story and atmosphere are pretty good though.]Now have to pay for mods? HELL NOOOO, NOBODY GOT TIME FOR DAT!!!!]Paid community workshop addons isn't the way to go. Why the  do we have to monetize everything.]Paying for mods... No Thanks...]Donation button > paywall]Valve stole my sweetroll.]Sets a  precedent for gaming. Please, do not support pay-to-use mods.]Great game, but the paywall for mods is just stupid. ADD A DONATE BUTTON!]Is this the future of gaming? paying for the game, dlc and now mods?]i used to be an adventurer, but took a payed mod to the knee]I heard you like DLC. So I put DLC, in your DLC!]UPDATE: Paid Mods have been removed, but the damage is already done. Unlike others who have changed their reviews back to 'recommended' this will stay as 'not recommended'.. "Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it." This was my favorite game, once. I put over a thousand hours in and I've never finished the main story. Why? Because of mods. I would play through mod after mod that added quests or new companions or changed enemies and combat. I put even more time into Morrowind. Elder Scrolls has always been more about what the community can do for the game than the game itself. But now, the mods I loved to play this game with have disappeared. They're no longer available out of fear that their work will be stolen and sold. So thanks for that, because now I have no reason to ever finish this game properly because all the little touches the community added to this game that kept me coming back to it are gone.]Good job on completely destroying the mod community]The game was always average to begin with. If you want to play an RPG go out and buy morrowind instead. There you wont have to pay for mods to fix all of the terrible decisions bethesda made this with one. It's terrible to play without tonnes of mods and you should NEVER be forced to pay for a mod, especially one solely designed to fix the awful game design which the people who made that awful game design then get 45% of the cut from. Ya, no, gtfo.]bethesda sold out on the mods]Used to be one of the best games out there. Now it's a just another marketplace. Get rid of the market for mods that's not what the community is about.]Paid Mods? Really? Just stop. Please sign this change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop And email these guys about how bad paid mods are: http://www.valvesoftware.com/email.php?recipient=Gabe+Newell http://www.valvesoftware.com/email.php?recipient=Doug+Lombardi Write negative reviews, too.]Now supports PMC, paid mod content. If you buy this game at some time in the future, know that a mod that is essential for the game to run in a working manner (unoffical skyrim patches) might have chosen to go Pay2Play; then the game will work but not to its fullest. The series of The Elder Scrolls is famous for its mod authors and on the day of this review that has been changed. I do not at this time recommend you buy this game until PMC is either finalized and is here to stay or abolished. Just be warned that the greatest thing about Bethesda games, being the modders, has changed, so too must our views. Please make sure before you buy that if you are interested in modding your game that the mods you want haven't gone pay2play. I have almost 1200 hours from mods alone in this game, not the game itself. The base game itself is ok but not 1200 hours "ok." Just shop smart and look out before you jump is all that I'm saying. 10/10 before PMC 6/10 after PMC]Base game: 8/10 Game with mods: 10/10 Game with paid mods -3/10 Seriously, whoever thought it was a good idea to introduce paid mods instead of, say, a donate button for mod creators should be fired. I have played this game for hundreds of hours, and loved every second, but with recent developments I simply cannot give this game a positive review. Valve & Bethesda, you should seriously consider the implications of this decision, because it will have a huge impact on gaming in the years to come.]you Valthesda,  you and your paid mods. Thanks for your capitalistic way of ruining gaming as an entertainment industry and its community. I have refunded my witcher 3 preorder and you will never see a single dime from me anymore. GOG Velut Arbor Aevo EDIT: It seems like the paid mods feature is disabled, but the PR damage control, balme shifting, fallacies and rhetorics from bethesda and valve are abysmal. And lets face it, skyrim is 7/10 at best without mods and I personally did not enjoy vanilla skyrim]The developers came back and ruined the game 4 years later, don't buy this turd]Never accept paid mods.]Fantastic game, but paywalls are something that will tear apart this community.]When I purchase an open world game I expect it to be a game I can keep coming back to for years, and while that may have been true it turned out that when bethesda realized there were people still playing their games and there might be a way they could leverage this for money. They took advantage of this ability with the help of valve, they effectively paywalled my previous save content. If I can't download and use the mods that were essential to my previous saves they are no longer functional, my saves have been broken because of their greed and hundreds of hours of enjoyment has been sullied by their behavior. I've rebuilt my OS, and while I backed up my saves I can no longer acquire the mods on which they are dependent. This is unacceptable and I vow to as long as Bethesda stays on this path, I will never again purchase a game from this company, and when conversation arrises about their projects and their merit I will have nothing but vitriol to say.]Just one action to fall from grace: Payed mods.]buy poop mods !! Just 99.99 $ !!]I don't agree with the current 'user mod' monetization methods in place by Bethesda and Valve.]mods made it bad 0/10 dont pay for mods when you can get them for free]The downfall of PC gaming as we know it. What madness lies next, pay-for-patches, monthly subscriptions for single player? Stay tuned][Read this review for only 0.99$ or your regional equivalent]]Game is extremely boring withoutmods. Now they are chargning for them. I would highlighy suggest playing a better action RPG, such as Dark Souls. Do noty buy unless you want to support the practice of forcing paid mods, or are willing to pay extra for the best part of the actual game. It's basically Horse Armor part deux.]This game came out in 2011 and now shows its age. The only reason to keep playing Skyrim is the mods and modding community. If you are thinking about buying Skyrim, you may want to hold off until the modding community sorts out the recent changes. If you want to purchase Skyrim for the story, then go for it. There is about 30 hours of decent gameplay, quests etc in the game that are worth $15. I got bored once I made it through the main quest line, once with a pure magic user and once as a dual wielding barbarian. The Civil War storyline is interesting but does not change the world as I had hoped. There are a few of the main quests that break if you complete the Civil War Story before the Main Questline as well; it is my opinion that you should pick a side, then finish the main quests, then come back and finish the Civil War events. As an open world game Skyrim and Grand Theft Auto are the two best examples I have played. Get the Legendary version for $15 or less and enjoy the 30-40 hours of decent gameplay. If you get the chance to play Morrowind and Oblivion please do. They show their age as well but the game is wonderful and the modding community is fantastic. And you can flesh out the lore of the Elder Scrolls games for not a lot of money.]they charge for modding]Horse armor 2.0]I cannot recommend any game that exploits its community with paid mods. By implementing such a system, Valve and Bethesda threaten the core, underlying prinicpals of modding. A threat looms to take away our personal freedom to modify and play the game as we see fit, replacing it with a 'sanitised' system where only Valve-approved mods ( id est no extreme gore mods, drug mods, and definitely no sexual mods) are permitted. Paid mods are provided without support, no guarantees it won't break (now or at a later stage), and a refund window of only 24-hours (which is debatably not enough time to thoroughly test mods, especially larger ones). The community is being exploited by mod developers suddenly tempted with greed into profiteering, and the mod developers themselves are being exploited with a tiny 25% cut for their own work. Furthermore, Steam's subpar customer support system is woefully inequipped and underpowered to deal with the flood of paid mods produced by their customers which may contain (or solely exist of) other peoples' work. Capitalism is one thing. But I bought this game to mod and play. The looming threat to restricting my right to modify my game as I see fit, and attemping to exploit modders and the community at large, goes beyond simple capitalism and into the realm of exploitation. I cannot recommend a game from any developer that bows to greed in such a fashion.]Good for Bethesda to remind people who the criminals actually are and why piracy is growing by the day.]BS paid mods... mods are what made this game so popular, and that's how Bethesda thanks the modders. I'll never buy any of it's products, even if  changes. Bye.]Skyrim is a great game, but the way the devs are whoring it out to Valve so they can flog mods for a 75% cut is ing disgusting. If the mod purchasing is stopped then this will changed to be a recommendation.]What used to be a great game by a great company has now fallen due to greed, say no to paid mods]*cough* PAID MODS *cough*]Paid Patches Single Player Micro-transactions Third Party DLC All this and more thanks to Valve's new paid mod system; which seeks to imitate mobile app shops in an attempt to make a quick buck. Edit: As of 4/27/2015 Valve has removed paid mods from their workshop. But my stance on Skyrim, Bethesda, Valve, and paid mods has not changed; and that stance is that once you buy a mod it is no longer a mod, rather it becomes a micro-transaction; regardless of who it's creator is. Micro-transactions have no place in Skyrim, or any other single player game for that matter; and the $32 debut pack for a bunch of low quality, unfinished cosmetic items is the biggest joke I've ever seen.]Cannot recommend the game in its current state. It is a possiblity that the majority of mods will be behind a paywall, which will be very expensive for people who runs this game with several dozen of mods. If the average mod will be around 2 euro it will cost me personally 120 euro + original game (launch price) with dlc for a total 200+ euro. At that price it is simply NOT WORTH IT.]Games good, paying for mods not so much.]EDIT: Paid mod workshop has been disabled, but I won't change my recommendation to positive. This is a reminder to any developer that tries to implement paywalls on something that should remain free. Was an awesome game, and it still is, BUT 80% of the awesomeness was due to the dedicated modding community, which at the moment is very disunited (due to the mod selling update). Some modders call others sell-outs for selling their mods, the sellers defend this by saying that all the hard work needs to be compensated for. THIS WAS A BAD IDEA! Mods are not DLC, and shouldn't be treated as official content. A mod may work today, but it may not work 2 weeks in the future, due to a game update or me installing another mod. Either way, the mod seller has no responsibility to fix it.]I do recommend this game, it's excellent, but i must show my disagreement with the addition of the paid mods]The original Root of Evil, Bethsda, are at it again. Being the first to introduce Paid DLC with their "horse armor", now they, along with Valve, are bringing gaming to a new low for the sake of sucking more money from gamers. Shame on both companies. Mods ARE PART of the Skyrim experience. The appeal and experience of the game itself has been degraded by this disgusting practice. Shame on you.]YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE! I TRUSTED YOU! IT WAS SAID YOU WOULD DESTROY THE SHILLS, NOT JOIN THEM! BRING BALANCE TO THE MODS, NOT LEAD IT TO DARKNESS]Paid mods is unacceptable. I wonder how they're going to deal with all of the breaches in Fair Use for when these go commercial. Once you add money into the modding world, you open the door for both free and paid mods to get a DMCA-like takedown for potential loss of revenue from copyright holders. The copyright holders probably wont even need to show an interest in developing something, but their due diligence lawyers will make it up. This will only stifle the modding community's creativity and promote bland, sterile, mods made by soulless 'professional' modders.]Unhappy with the poor implementation of "paid" mods, could have been a great feature but ruined by its implimentation. Only 25% to the actual mod author? Really? This fiasco has made me seriously consider if I will bother with the next Elder Scrolls game.]Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10. Can't recommend the game anymore.]Paid mods? HA This was a bad move. If there was an optional donation button rather than an author set minimum then I'd be fine with it. But the way it's set up now is not the way to do it.]mods are hidden behind pay wall now, modder only gets 25% of profit, if mod doesn't work then modder isn't required to fix would not recommend getting from steam]Buy the positive review mod for $5]Hi everyone, this is my new mod! I call it, "negative review". It helps lower the rating of this game. This mod is available for free, but if you want the new, always updated version (called "positive review") then it's just one easy payment of $49.99! Yes, Bethesda. That means you.]Valve and Bethesda are dipping there hands into the modding cookie jar, flashing their cash and then takeing the lions share and then saying they are supporting the modder. They aren't and with the way they are going about it they never will. No mod should ever have a paywall beacuse when you do that you are now only in it for the money.]The game that single-handedly killed Valve]You don't own the mods, you don't get to make money from them. Paid for mods help no one but big business and kill enthusiasm for a product.]Bad review because of paid mods.]HELLO YOU NEED TO PAY WHAT YOU WANT TO SEE THIS REVIEW (that is of course starting from 9 euros to 99)]Thanks for destroying this game valve. no free mods no fun :(]How about Bethesda pays the Mod creators for fixing their buggy mess of a game?]This game has been ruined by paid mods]I wont recommend this game now that steam are charging for MODS, I had fun with installing graphics mods and new armours and quest. That is what is so great about PC gaming, the FREEdom to alter and improve games over time. Mods have always been some what of a glimmer of hope in the sea of DAY 1 dlc and pre-order bonus crap that has started to flood the gaming industry. Modders are some of the most passionate and creative people in the PC gaming community, they share ideas, assets and tools with each other and improve on games we all enjoy. This move by steam will tarnish that image.]Skyrim is a very mediocre game built on a terrible engine. Now that you have to pay for mods it's straight up crap. That's it.]With the hundreds of hours I've spent playing Skyrim, I can say it's well worth every penny but only if you mod the heck out of it. Those free mods changed Skyrim completely, transforming it into an incredible game...and that's no longer the case. Having a great Skyrim experience is tailored by mods, which is now DLC that costs money, and unless you have more money than you know what to do with, Skyrim simply isn't worth it's price tag anymore. Skyrim with mods is too expensive to justify the experience and Skyrim without mods isn't that great of a game. For that reason, I simply can't recommend this game anymore. Skyrim was a blast, but now all that's left is smoke.]One must go to the Nexus now to avoid the paywall. Free the Mods!]Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10.]The game is great and my hours played doesn't do it justice, however personally just like many other players the mods just make this game, and most of it's franchise, paying for mods? hahahahaha it's just going to get the workshop killed while everyone is just going to use http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/? for their mods, good job valve good job....]1 week ago i would've said get it immediately but seeing bethesda and steam supporting paid mods is just disgusting! Edit: The paid mods are gone which is really nice, but i will let this review stay as a mark of their bad decisions.]Reasonable game without mods. Has really bad UI, very dull slow and insistent storyline, and you just end up not really caring. The side missions are a hell of a lot more fun, I never bothered with the main quest. Pretty ish, but not that great. With mods, it becomes a whole new world. You can make it look so much better, add more realistic effects, add a random start so you don't have to sit through the dull and horrible cart scene, fix the UI, add tonnes of weapons and armour, you can even fix all the bugs. (Well, most of them. There's some ones Bethesda can't be bothered with that even modders can't fix.) However, this new paid mod scheme makes me very wary of it indeed. I mentioned the stock UI being bad. The mod to fix that, which is a core component of many mods, has just become paid only. (There's an older version on the Nexus, no longer being updated.) This is a worrying trend. Modding makes this game what it is, it's just standard otherwise. If you want it, mod it for free from the nexus or workshop, and I can kind of recommend it. But Oblivion and Fallout New Vegas are still very good alternatives for modding paradise. If it wasn't for this new introduction of paying for mods, I'd put it as a positive review. But the damage this could do to the modding community is too great. Especially Bethesda games, which often rely on modders to fix their broken games.]Aging game which is good, but not great, out-of-the-box. Only with mod-support it becomes something very special. However, game's creator is trying to shatter the hobbyist open modding community, and turning them on themselves in competitive division. Who'll be doing tutorials, when knowledge is a competitive, monetary advantage? So, don't support this corporate mayhem taking away from gaming as a whole.]Bad mod support with the new pay for mods feature.]As much as do love this game, having mods be basically paid DLC is the biggest slap in the face to the PC community thus far. I won't support this at all, plus games and companies who follow in this backwards direction, this is not what PC gaming is about and it should never be.]Paid mods are bad.]Payed mods? Poor choice on you Bethesda and Valve.]I would write a elaborate review for this product, but unfortunately 75% of it was taken.]The biggest DLC scam on Steam now. Don't buy this crap.]I am now blessed with buying an "extra apple" mod for multiple times more money than a real apple. Gotta get dem dollarydoos.]RIP Skyrim Valve and Bethesda have decided that money is more important then supporting PC gaming. Free mods were a huge selling point to Skyrim and made PC gaming attractive as a whole. Their choice to prioritize $$$ over a creative community of talented modders will have a far reaching backlash. I only hope this was not just preparation for implementing this system with Fallout 4. As to whether or not this is truly a review of Skyrim as a game, yes it is. Buying a game supports the authors and supports valve. This is information you should know if you're deciding to purchase, just as important as gameplay or graphics. And at this time this game is not worth supporting nor are the developers or valve.]I dissaprove of this for only one reason: Paid mods. It's disgusting how you think this is a way to 'support' you, blow it out your , Gaben!, This is the community where we buy your games, 24/7, Now you expect us to buy mods? Workshop is gonna die. Get greedier Valve, I dare you. Bethesda? I have nothing against you, your game is wonderful and perfect, Valve is ruining it.]I can only recommend this game heavily modded, and even then barely. Vanilla, this game an insult to Bethesda and the Elder Scrolls franchise. Grossly oversimplified trash, much like Fallout 3 when compared to it's far superior predecessors.]Say no to games of the publisher that wants to use this awful system for payed mods.]I really do love this game, I logged 350 hours on my xbox and bought it on PC for mods. I would be putting a thumbs up here but Valve and Bethesda have done the unthinkable. They can now charge for mods. Mods are part of what makes PC gaming superior and now they are being treated as DLC or microtransactions, nobody likes these. This is damaging to the ethos of a PC gamer and is taking the platform in the direction of consoles or *shudder* mobile games. If Valve and Bethesda have any common sense they will stop this and focus on less damaging ways to make money, like releasing worthwhile games. (ie: Skyrim w/o paid mods). To conclude, Skyrim is amazing with and without mods, the paid mods are horrible and damaging. Be warned Valve, GoG and other DRM free retailers are going to get much more business soon.]The overwhelming negative reviews are painstakingly representing the enmity toward this PC Gaming platform's giant monopoly with which they think they can do whatever they want. The mods are the most important role of making this great game to be more greater, also relevantly it gets supported by the pure love of community to make them exist and develop. It is without a doubt, how fast Valve killed its reputation from god-like tier to  and greedy level.]Dont buy this with the new paid for mods]Valve turning into EA, bunch of greedy mofos... Go suck on Gaben's fat chode more, Bethesda.]Paid mods are a sign of worse things to come. We cannot stand for this. If you want to support the modders, don't give 75% of your money to the devs...]I would really, really love to be able to recommend this game to people. But as of recently, I just can't anymore. Those reasons being quite obvious, and many people already pointing out those reasons. By allowing the whole pay for mods instead of donating, they have essentially killed any kind of longevity that Skyrim had. By doing this, they have caused popular mods, one that fix problems with the game, and many, many more things that improve the game immensely, and keep them behind a paywall. The only way I'd recommend this game now, is if this all becomes an optional donation, or purely free instead. But until then, I cannot do so.]I loved this game. Every minute of it, from start to finish. I purchased this as soon as it came out, as well as the DLC when it came out. As a PS3 owner I was a little upset about the length of time it took to get all of the DLC, but I wasn't fazed in the slightest. I loved Dawnguard. I loved Heartfire. I loved Dragonborn the most. I didn't mind paying for quality content that fit in well with the lore and story. Now...I have to pay for mods? These aren't even canon. They don't complete the story. They don't add anything other than a new 'adventure' that means nothing to the rest of the Elder Scrolls games. I won't be playing TES: 6 and hear an NPC mention the dragonborn riding a bear whilst wielding a sword in each hand, one in his mouth and another clenched between his asscheeks. Seriously. 0/10, you betrayed me.]A game way past its prime, kept alive only by a healthy modding community. Now Bethesda and Valve have decided to corrupt that community. The last saving grace for this game is gone. Do not buy.]I would really, really love to be able to recommend this game to people. But as of recently, I just can't anymore. Those reasons being quite obvious, and many people already pointing out those reasons. By allowing the whole pay for mods instead of donating, they have essentially killed any kind of longevity that Skyrim had. By doing this, they have caused popular mods, one that fix problems with the game, and many, many more things that improve the game immensely, and keep them behind a paywall. The only way I'd recommend this game now, is if this all becomes an optional donation, or purely free instead. But until then, I cannot do so.]I loved this game. Every minute of it, from start to finish. I purchased this as soon as it came out, as well as the DLC when it came out. As a PS3 owner I was a little upset about the length of time it took to get all of the DLC, but I wasn't fazed in the slightest. I loved Dawnguard. I loved Heartfire. I loved Dragonborn the most. I didn't mind paying for quality content that fit in well with the lore and story. Now...I have to pay for mods? These aren't even canon. They don't complete the story. They don't add anything other than a new 'adventure' that means nothing to the rest of the Elder Scrolls games. I won't be playing TES: 6 and hear an NPC mention the dragonborn riding a bear whilst wielding a sword in each hand, one in his mouth and another clenched between his asscheeks. Seriously. 0/10, you betrayed me.]A game way past its prime, kept alive only by a healthy modding community. Now Bethesda and Valve have decided to corrupt that community. The last saving grace for this game is gone. Do not buy.]Game is OK on it's own, better with mods. Modders need to do it for the love of the game, make what they enjoy and share it in the spirit of making fun games MORE fun, not turning a quick buck. I cannot in good faith support this game or ANYONE who is out to just make some cash modding for money's sake for this (or any) game. tl:dr. go play morrowind, get the mods while they're still free.]Payed Mods]Disgusted and betrayed.]With modifications to it, the Skyrim experience was an amazing one. It was a world with depth, magic, and mystery around every corner. Unfortuantely, the recent changes to mods have burned what was a great experience to the ground. It can't ever be what it used to be again. Vanilla Skyrim: 6/10]It's an alright game, too bad I'd have to pay money to make it an amazing one]paid mods and any game that supports it, decades of PC gaming was built on modding communities. It extends the life of any game, and supporting that should be a company's #1 priority.]WTF is this crap why would you support Paid Mods which make this game FUN after you beat it LIKE WTF Valve]paid mods ruined it all]I'm a huge Elder Scrolls fan. Morrowind was one of my first PC RPGs. When Skyrim was first annoucned, I was so excited. And when it finally came out, I poured hours upon hours upon hours into it. It's a great game and I gave it a positive review. But now it supports paid mods. And because of that, I can't keep my review positive.]Paying for mods? Is this some kind of sick cruel joke? This decision makes Nintendo's decision to take ad revenue from YouTube streamers look smart. This game isn't worth playing without the mods.]Skyrim is an amazing game I have poured hours into, so why a negative review? Well Valve has had the BRILLIANT idea to start locking mods behind a paywall, I understand mod creators need money but a donation system would have been acceptable, selling mods straight up is not, that and they are royally screwing modders over by pocketing 75% of the money the mods make so yeah  that practice]"Skyrim Workshop Now Supports Paid Mods" - The community doesn't]workshop become pay4mod ? , go  your self]Paid mods is not the way to support the community / modders. Just another greedy money grab. Avoid this please.]The game is fun, but until profitting attempts from the works of others stops, this will be a negative review.]The game itself is utterly amazing - it is my all time favorite game, and before this  with paying for mods i couldn't praise it enough. Now, paying for mods is obscene - i have played this game for WELL over 2000 hours and i own the legendary edition on steam as well as on ps3 - after many an hour playing the game on ps3, the game had lost appeal to me - i didn't dislike the game, i just ran out of things to do. Then i bought a desktop PC, and i bought the game again JUST TO EXPERIENCE MODS - being that i already had done everything twice in vanilla skyrim, modding was essential to me, as it was the only thing keeping the game alive. And let me tell you, THE MODS MADE THE GAME SOOOO MUCH BETTER - the improved graphics, the new quests, better interfaces - you name it, and someone has probably already made it. The community for modding is amazing, people still work tirelessly trying to make the best damn game improvements, or, they are just expressing themselves through their mods, because they have a passion! This passion might as well be gone for some of these modders at this point! -People will now try and make (and probably half-) mods, just for the sake of making a quick buck! Modders havent been payed up till' this point, and it has worked great so far - DONT FIX WHAT AINT BROKEN. Please Valve, introduce a donation button, and let people decide for themselves if the authors work is worthy for a donation of a dollar or two. /rant over]The game is a bit flawed, but mods fix that Too bad the mod community has been torn apart by greed. Get ready to pay extra to fix the game you paid for]Bethesda has dug its own grave by supporting paid modding support.]One of the main lures to Skyrim and PC gaming in general is Modding and the hours of endless modding that could happen. This could destroy that for all PC gamers in one swoop. I'm not saying modders should not be paid for their mods but the "paid" mods should be of some significance. like say adding 10 hours of quests or something along the lines of immersive armors. not an apple that costs 1$. Even if you think you are donating to the modder you really are not you are donating to valve being greedy (valve takes a 75% cut). This is just wrong, we were upset at nintendo for taking 40% of youtube content creators revenue and they expect this to be okay? the cut should be 10 maybe 20% for the ease of use that you can DONATE to the mod maker not buy the mod. Some may say that "well it's not all valve's fault it's bethesda too." and that is why i am giving this negative revew, if bethesda is behind this then they should be the ones who we dont buy games from. I will fight for PC gaming, I will not allow any greedy company to turn us into a console.]Beginning of the end for mods. Congratulations Valve and Bethesda.]This game was good but not anymore. I think I'll stick to Bread Simulator or some other game with higher standards.]Paid mods = boycott on future games]Paid mods =  experience for Skyrim/Steam. 0/10]Gotta say, I found it atrocious that Valve has brought in paid mods on the community workshop. This has done irreperable damage to the skyrim modding community which has kept the game afloat all these years. I hope you're happy with yourself. I will never buy a mod. You should all be ashamed. 1/10 Guys]Workshop is full of cheap looking mods done in 3 minutes and priced 2 times more expensive than the whole game. No reason at all to buy this game.]-PAYING FOR MODS. A BRILLIANT IDEA. SERIOUSLY IT'S VERY GOOD INDEED. MORE MONEY, EASY WAY- I am not a big fan of TES Series or Skyrim game but I like Skyrim or other TES games btw. It was great game, still it is, DLC's are good indeed. They worth your money. So everything is ok... But why I writing negative review ? The point is mods. Skyrim is way to better with mods than original one. (I didn't say original skyrim is the worst without mods. It's beatiful but with mods, it's more beatiful. For example shader and graphic mods). -Free mods- . But payment for mods are . Skyrim or other games whatever. Mods aren't dlc. I don't give a  for valve. Ofc I want mod developers earn money. But Bethesda Software or anyone except developers... Nope. I hope mod devs gonna make FREE MODS for us. There is a lot of way to earn money. But please don't  workshop valve. I'm still supporting modders. I will keep support workshop creators. Espicially free ones. If you want support mod developers, go on. There is a lot of mod (and maybe they are great) for money. Paid and get the mod. But don't forget damn valve, other company or other things. I am serious. It will be worse. Cuz mods = dlcs. XXX set, XXX weapon, XXX item, XXX pack, XXX Character,potion blablabla for XXX dolar,euro etc. If some one gonna make naked mod for money just tell me. I can pay :p]The base game is great. The DLCs are all great. However, paid mods are the worst thing to happen to the PC gaming industry.]Paid mods, all i need to say.]Negative review because of paid mods.]Paid mods will ruin the modding community, not everything in this world has to be shelfed into a product.]I would love to recommend this game... but you know gabe would force 50$ out of me because apperently mods should cost. instead of a donation button we should pay 20$ for a mod that might not even work with another mod. DONT BUY THE GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY ANOTHER 3000$ ON MODS IN THE FUTURE]If paid mods stay in existence, this game and any future ES games will not. Was once of the best.. Now being ruined by greed. I am really worried for the future :(]Bethesda make ok games that require extensive fan support to be good, because they don't give a damn about their fans. Now they've worked out how to monetise their lack of giving-a-! This game is OK I guess, if you like bunnyhopping through cold landscapes picking flowers, but the combat remains terrible after how many games in the series because, again, they don't care enough to make it good. At least most of the quests function now. Hell, at least it's not the PS3 version, which just slowly ground to a halt after a dozen hours because they couldn't figure out how to make their full-priced game work.]This is my first review, so let me preface this with the following: Skyrim itself is an amazing game. There is currently no RPG like it besides earlier iterations in the Elder Scrolls series. That being said, I cannot recommend this game in good faith. I say this because modding is the largest reason why I have come back to Skyrim time and time again as I am sure it is the reason so many other people have come back again and again. I would venture as far as saying that mods are the only things that keep games alive so long after release, especially Skyrim. After a several month break, I was considering playing the game again with new mods recently, but upon my opening of Steam, I discovered this despicable and shallow update introduced by Valve, who I had once trusted so much, and Bethesda, who I knew was litigious, but I didn't know they were asses too. With the introduction of paid mods, I've stopped playing the game. In fact, I can't play the game. All of my save files no longer work because a few of the mods I used are locked behind a paywall which I refuse to break down because it is ridiculous that I have to do so in the first place. I was infuriated when I learned what Valve pays for the mods when they rake in profits. 25% to the modders when Valve just distributes the game? That's practically robbery. That's like taking 75% of a taxi driver's income because you built the car. Even more so that the Gestap... I mean Valve is now temp banning anyone who speaks out against this whole debacle on the forums. What's next? Paid patches? To be honest, I wouldn't entirely mind paying for mods if a few simple changes were made: 1) Fix quality control. Who wants to pay $99 for a pair of horse testicles? 2) Donations only. This is a basic feature, Nexus has it, it's much nicer and less intrusive/cash grabby. 3) Pay modders more. Pay modders more. Pay modders more. Do I need to say it again? Taking 75% of the cut is ridiculous, yeah, you need to keep the servers running, okay, that's fine. I'm sure you can do it with 15% or even 10% of the cut. 75%? Are you kidding me? Valve, this is a chance to regain the trust of you former loyal fanbase/consumer base. Learn from your mistakes and fix them.]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]This was a 10/10 game for me. I remember being excited for MONTHS before this was released. I was so excited to launch this on release day and play it for a week straight. Now it's just been kind of ruined for me with this paid mods stuff.. Paid mods is just a stupid idea to begin with, but what makes it worse is that the developer and valve get most of the profit off this .. seriously? Valve and Bethesda are some of the last GOOD game developers these days. I am really disappointed in them. TL:DR 0/10 for Valve/Bethesda for paid mod .]value and bethesda you two sucks why i need to pay for mods? did you forget thats developed by players? and the mod developers only get 25% profit bethesda have not even fix all the bugs and ctd's problem you want me to pay for mods and you gain other 75% profit? !Y!O!U!]LET ME JUST GO PAY FOR SOME OF THESE MODS AND WHILE I'M AT IT, I COULD MAYBE I COULD WIPE THE DUST OFF MY FIRST GENERATION XBOX 360 AND PAY MICROSOFT 50 DOLLARS A YEAR TO GET IT CONNECTED TO MY INTERNET. AFTER THAT, I THINK I'M GOING TO DEFINITELY BUY EVERY SINGLE NEWLY RELEASED EA AND UBISOFT TITLE I CAN FIND. AND ONLY AFTER THIS, I WILL HAVE HOPEFULLY FORGOTTEN MY OLD LIFE AS PART OF THE MASTERRACE AND DEVOLVE INTO A FILTHY CASUAL.]I used to love this game. Now Bethesda and Valve are trying to cash-in on mods. I will not support that in any way. Especially since mods are essential because there are so many flaws and bugs in the game.]Paywall added destroying the modding community.]The game is good, but the paid mods scam is definitely not.]This really was one of the greats of PC gaming. But after 4 years, Valve + Bethesda decided to tarnish its reputation by supporting "paid-for" modfications to the game. Even though this idea seems nice, note that only 25% goes to the Modder, and this is a great way for the developers to continue making money from this game. Absolutely unacceptable and outrageous, this will spread to other games, if we do not stop this now. Why I reviewed negatively is due to the reason above and that all my mods (that I have had for years) are now currently locked unless I pay for them, when they were free beforehand. If this continues this is my last Bethesda game.]eat a bag of  valve. why dont you like, you know, make some new games or something. this is bs. dont you still have a franchise to finish?  you . i will be doing everything i can to avoid using steam from this moment on. you have really ed up on this move. the person who approved this will be looking for work by the end of next week. idiots. way to go. everybody hates you now. hope it was worth the $1000 you probably got vs billions for half life 3]I would not recommend buying this game while paid mods are still a thing. One of the main reasons to get this game is mods, and that's being killed off.]i looked at a flower and it was low res, also paid mods are]Stop trying to ruin PC Modding, a donation link is fine but putting mods behind a paywall is just plain stupid. Can't believe that there will be a day when i really despise Valve, sadly the day has come. Stop trying to monetize everying!!!]Paying for mods? What the]Why would i want to buy mods valve?!]Dont buy it, Valve & Bethesda have screwed over the community with Paid Mods. They have put massive rifts in the Modding community. Do not give them a cent for it.]free mods are what made this game so brilliant]Paid mods? Lol this is what they will do to the reputation of your game. Devs, don't allow it.]The developers and valve can go flirk themselves. People we warned about F2P being a cancer, what with charging for everything they possibly could. Now we are getting charged for mods that were once created and shared amongst the community. People would work on and contribute to others work. All valve has done here is monetize mods at the expensive of innovation. Valve and Bethesda are now categorically against innovation. While they do not force the modders to charge for their content, they do push towards it. They want to slowly introduce this as the norm. Don't be naive into thinking it stops here.]Great game, greedy publisher, mods (at least for the moment) behind a paywall. Do not buy until fixed.]I bought all the DLC, now I have to buy Mods? Here are the reasons that is absolutely stupid: 1. Mods dont have to work with other mods 2. Returning a mod gives me a 7 day market ban (Really Valve?) 3. Shadow Bans 4. Modders dont have to continue support for mods 5. Game Updates Break Mods 6. Paying for mods in General 7. Modders go into modding NOT EXPECTING PROFIT 8. Gabe Newell & Bethesda & Modders blaming each other 9. Modders can steal content from each other 10. I LOSE MORE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]Encouraging modders to hide their content behind a paywall in an effort to line Valve and Bethesda's pockets with more money is a poor move. Having few little oversight and accountability on top of that is just disastrous. Very little thought has gone into safeguarding the consumer in the case of buggy mods or people wishing to exploit the system. It's a transparent cash grab that sets a disturbing precedent for the industry. I can't support a game that has these kinds of practices.]Making mods dlc? No thank you. I'll get my mods elsewhere. Just make a donation button]whats next paid for early access mods?]I bought this game on PC after over 250 hours on 360 SOLELY for mods. And now Valve and Bethesda are trying to put mods behind an abritrary paywall. This is a decision that has outraged and disappointed myself and many other gamers. This negative review is in response to Bethesda's business practice, not to the quality of their base game. Should they see the impact this decision has had on their reputation and revert things back to normal, I will reevaluate my review. Until then, fight for mods to be free and let the big companies know that we aren't okay with this.]Do I really need to say anything about paid workshop mods? Shame on the devs, shame on Valve and shame on the modders who pulled their mods and put them behind a paywall.]Bethesda is no longer the hero who makes genuine heroic RPGs.]Remove paid mods. It is a terrible idea. Already users are submitting MODS THEY DIDN'T MAKE FOR MONEY. People are stealing assets in their mods. Modders are making 'exclusive' versions of their mods (see Wet and Cold 2.0) that must be paid for and depriving long time fans of their work the update. Do not buy ANY paid mods. It can only go badly.][Outdated rant, go upvote someone else's review.] ____________________________________________________ Introducing the new Steam Work$hop Steal mod resources. Tweak it a little. Slap a price tag. Profit! God I really want to kiss whoever at valve/bethesda who came with this idea...WITH MY BOOTS! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq87efgyRuU]Skyrim's not a terrible game after you've modded it to high hell. And now they want to stop that and force you to pay for those sweet mods. Wouldn't you want to pay $50 for a HD horse ?]Paid mods are an end to good mods, This is what made the game great, now this move is what will kill future games from being great. I will not buy your products again. This was a very poor move done to earn a bit more $. A lot of Modders don't benefit from this(Ohhh a whole 25% for makeing content that makes your game better) because many mods are being stolen and sold by scum/"businessman"(As you are). Steam has claimed they will do nothing about this unless they legaly have to ( This means the Original modder gets a lawyer and files Cease and desist on each of the claims, this will not happen because its not worth it 99% of the time).Steam has said that the community will police this... in otherwords we don't care ( As shown by greenlight) You are killing the mod community and the pc community with your actions. Hope your next games flop.]For a game that relies heavily on mods to be enjoyable and is often bought ONLY for mods Bethesda had a lot of balls to sell out to 3-rd Party DLC/Microtransactions/Mods. We trusted Bethesda, we saw them as one of the 'good companies', whatever that means anymore. They showed us what happens to people who trust blindly. Even worse, Valve. Valve had the biggest fanbase of any company of them all, everyone praised GabeN and called him the savior of PC gaming, our god. See where our blind faith has led us, to betrayal. And don't think that this only applies to Skyrim, for in time this will spread to other games and corrupt them with its greed. We have to stop Paid 3rd party DLCs (They dont' deserve to be called mods) before they spread, before the gaming industry thinks its okay, and before it taints other beloved games.]Used to be fantastic before Bethesda decided to take a crap on the mod community. No longer reccomended.]Taking money from the community with no guarantee with stability and keeping 75% away from the creators? #onlyBethesda MAYBE 4 hours of main story gameplay. I beat this game overnight on the day of release... I was so confused. Was that it, was there REALLY nothing more to the game than that? Yes. Sure, there are numerous sidequests I did not complete but most of them are nothing more than reskinned fetch quests... For the size of the world the horses are painfulyl slow and thus i found myself quicktraveling nearly EVERYWHERE. Without mods I MIGHT have 7 hours TOTAL logged in the game.]No, Thank you.]Cannot recommend with paid mods and now will not recommend Steam to anyone. Hell, even Origin doesn't have this crap.]The game itself is great but not as well fleshed out. The modding scene is essential if you want your game to perform and look fantastic. Due to published mods now being monetized, I'd prefer voluntary donations, I'm not recommending this game at all.]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits.]Have had this game b4 u bought it on steam, WAs thumps up, But then the paid mods attackeed]Great game really fun with mods, but you need to buy them now so I don't recommend.]Paying for mods? not with me!! not recommended as mods are a vital part of this game]0/10 Pay for mods? No thanks.]Good game but this paid mod thing needs to go.]Paying for mods has ruined it for me. i will not keep paying to play the game just to make an OLD game interesting again. i intend on paying for a game ONCE , and be done with it. If it needs payed mods to be good then the games not worth my time and money.]Pay for mods, thumbs down :(]The devs want to profit off a third party that made their game playable and enjoyable for free instead of paying them. They're just using them as badly paid pseudo-employees now]Mods behind a paywall is just wrong. A donation button would work much better.]Valve ruined this game for me.]As part of the revolution against paid DLCs new offspring "Paid mods", I hereby place this review and condemn the decisions taken by Valve/Bethesda to enable "Paid mods" in the Steam Workshop. If this negative trend is allowed to continue (see DLCs, compare today and 5-10 years ago), we might just end up buying PARTS of an original game soon. Corporates stashing/delaying content to push them out later as DLCs. Good grief.]Paid Mods? seroiusly wtf? boycutted the store last year cause of other reason. This might be the final nail in the coffin for valve. 10 year old account here, 328+ games, I don't say I know what I'm talking about, but I know what I'm talking about.]You install Skyrim for an epic adventure, only to find it incredibly shallow and repetitive a couple hours in. You then decide to mod the game, make it pretty, add new quests, new systems, immersion mods, etc. Then after you've added a gigs worth, you realize that no amount of mods will make this game better. You uninstall, forget, and repeat the process 6 months later. Except now you feed Gaben and buy your mods with your steamshekel funbux. Why, Valve.]Dont bother anymore. We pay for mod's now!]Great game, I do recommend it. But the latest news have shattered my thoughts on Bethesda and Valve, paying for mods is silly and you shouldn't support this anymore. I guess it's time for me to play Oblivion again.]Pay for mods is something that EA would come up with, just pure evil. Greed is a terrible thing for the consumer.]Good game but this paid mod thing needs to go.]Paying for mods has ruined it for me. i will not keep paying to play the game just to make an OLD game interesting again. i intend on paying for a game ONCE , and be done with it. If it needs payed mods to be good then the games not worth my time and money.]Pay for mods, thumbs down :(]The devs want to profit off a third party that made their game playable and enjoyable for free instead of paying them. They're just using them as badly paid pseudo-employees now]Mods behind a paywall is just wrong. A donation button would work much better.]Valve ruined this game for me.]As part of the revolution against paid DLCs new offspring "Paid mods", I hereby place this review and condemn the decisions taken by Valve/Bethesda to enable "Paid mods" in the Steam Workshop. If this negative trend is allowed to continue (see DLCs, compare today and 5-10 years ago), we might just end up buying PARTS of an original game soon. Corporates stashing/delaying content to push them out later as DLCs. Good grief.]I hope your mother monetizes your cakes and coffe next time you come and visit her.]Modding was the last bastion of decency in gaming and Valve and Bethesda killed it in a day. I think its time I found a new hobby.]I've played this game ever since it came out on multiple platforms, moving over to PC I expected an experience free from the greed of XBOX and Playstation. This game has now changed and is no different.]This game used to be good, then bethsda and valve circle jekred hard enough to ruin it with paid mods, and give unfair cuts to the mod creators while take t most of the profit forthemselves. Don't buy this game or any other future bethesda game untill they resolve this.]The game is awesome! The paywall isn't. >.<]Valve and Bethesda have released paid mods. Nuff said.]This game is great. I love everything about is.... except your new "Paid workshop mods" This idea is absolutely terrible. I am not going to pay to mod the game. Modding was one of the best things about this game and has been for the longest time. By taking the ability for us to get these mods for free, you have lost my respect as well as the respect of others. There are way too many of us who do not want this change and we think you should not be forcing this upon us. Congrats Valve, you took something great and turned it into something that can be milked for money. IT IS ELDER SCROLLS ONLINE ALL OVER AGAIN! I don't know how long it is going to take you to learn that shaking down the consumer for money is THE WORST POSSIBLE THING YOU COULD DO. This is one of the many things that killed the Elder Scrolls Online. You are moving in the same direction right now. Turn back.]You think this is a cool game and worth playing? The pirated version is outdated and haves nearly no mod support, just like you will encounter by buying this game legitimately. Because now Bethesda and Valve decided to make you PAY for mods. The funniest thing about the mods is that you pay 5 for rain droplets whereas Bethesda released an entire DLC for the same price. Seriously, do not buy the game until this gets resolved. You know the best part? The modder receives only 25% of the money. Ow hell yes, you heard me. You are not even fully supporting the author.]paying for mods is a joke, mods make this game better without mods the game is boring]So this is like my favorite game and i saw today a new update had arrived... PAY FOR MODS WHAT THE FU*CK VALVE !?]I bought skyrim at launch. After valve's and bethesda's decision to turn mods into paid dlc (without the qc or any gurantee they will work) this is the review I will give. Them taking 75% of the money is disgusting. I will NEVER buy a bethesda game egain and will move as further as possible from steam as I can. Your games are bad anyways bethesda, half the game is done by modders, and I expect next time you will release a .txt file that you want modders to fix. You people started the horse armor dlc and the insane dlc crapshow we have today in the industry and now you came for the mods to do the same thing. Hope you like that grave you dug.]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits. Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly]Minor DLC packs were a disease we inherited from consoles. We're now stuck with them because people couldn't exercise enough self-control not to spend their money on obvious cash grabs. Don't let cash grab mods gain the same foothold! Edit: Valve retracted the paid mods. But this won't be the last we see of them. This review is staying negative as a reminder of this cash grab.]Ay lmao lets make a game kept alive by mods cost money for mods, thats a great plan.]Paying modders' hard work is good and I support that, every content creator should be able to live well and pay their bills. But I think it is ridiculous that valve and bethesda are taking 75% of the revenue, plus not all modders are honest, this is going to ruin modding for everyone involved.]It went in a totaly wrong direction...good going Valve.]shove your paid mods up your]I have been a fan of Bethesda games for a long time, and Skyrim was truly a masterpiece, arguably the best game ever made by the company. I played for almost a thousand hours on the console version and I have clocked quite a lot on PC too. Modding made this game infinitley better. Modding is why i spent money on a game I had aldready beat on a different console. Modding is what made me decide to start playing on steam rather than a console. Modding is what is going to be the downfall of a once perfect game. Skyrim is one of my favorite games and it will always be, but the new paid mods feature is honestly nothing more than Valve trying to turn what was a hobby for people and something we all enjoyed for free into money making scheme under the ruse that it is for the modders' hard work. Nexus has a donate button, why couldn't they just make one for the workshop? Because this is not about the modders getting paid for something that is expected to be free. When the modders are making more money from their hard work instead of Valve, then maybe just maybe I will reconsider my thoughts, but until then I am going not reccomend this game to anyone who has not already purchased it (if there are any) and go get a buggy console version of the game because unless this policy changes, its only downhill from here.]Today, Valve takes away your mods. But what of tomorrow? Do they take your homes? Your businesses? Your children? Your very lives? And what does GabeN do? Nothing! Nay, worse than nothing! GabeN's greed enforces the purchase of our mods! Against his own people! So rise up! Rise up, children of the Master Race! Rise up, PC Gamers! Embrace the word of the mighty Nexus Mods, he who is both free and Divine! For we are the children of man! And we shall inherit both the heavens and the earth! And we, not Valve or their toadies, will rule Skyrim! Forever!]Paid mods will be the death of this series.]With the addition of paid mods I can no longer in good faith recommend this game anymore. They are a legal, ethical, and creative disaster that benefits no one beyond Brethesda & Valve. With the conversion of many popular mods to this paid model, including SkyUI which many other mods are dependent on all this does is split the community in the name of personal and corporate greed. Would not recommend, will not buy another Brethesda game again.]paid mods is bad]Because of steams horrendous decision to allow paid for mods on the steam workshop i cannot and will not suggest anyone buy this game if they are into modding and wait and see if the nexus will survive. i hope this move by steam fails]The downfall has begun... The game is great with mods but without? Not so much. Pay for mods? No, thank you]Valve has ruined this game with microtransaction-esque paid mods. I suggest you don't buy this game until this ends. If it doesn't end, don't give them money.]Elder Scrolls games have always depended on Mods to reach their full potential. I remember fondly comparing mod totals in Morrowind, and struggling to keep the game engine from crashing with hundreds of mods working together. The mod community has always been something that went part and parcel with the games themselves. Even I have designed mods for Oblivion and Morrowind, and it was great fun to be a part of it. Skyrim lacks this free and open access to modding. Which is a shame. Because without free and open access the game suffers substantially. In addition to graphical and error improvements, there were literally thousands of small tweaks you could enjoy with Elder Scrolls that do not continue in the same way for Skyrim. Shame on Bethesda for damaging a successful IP in this way. It's simply a fact that without free and open mods Skyrim truly IS NOT a great game worth recommending. Choosing to divide the pay wall structure this way results in an inferior product.]Monetizing mods is an all new low.]Paid mods should not be a thing.]I have over 1k hours for this game. It's a game that you MUST play with mods. Without mods the game is honestly boring and lifeless. Do not buy this game, it includes no mods and mods are a separate purchase. Thank you Valve and Bethesda for ruining the mod community and my love for the most played game on my steam library.]I cannot in good faith recommend this game with the current state of paid mods. This is an outrage and no one should buy this game in its current state.]screw paid mods]Following the bandwagon on this negative review, paying for my current experience when it was a gesture of good faith is not a good idea.]charging money for mods is greedy and disgusting, especially when you only give those creators 25% of the cut, oy vey gabe you running out of shekels or something]Valve and Bathesda's new paid mod system undermines the very foundation of PC community and PC modding. I strongly suggest that you do not buy this game. Doing so would be supporting corporations who want to squeze every dollar out of their customers as they can without any regard to the PC community that has proudly loved them for over a decade.]paying for mods is unacceptable.]It is a great game but the OP mods and the over priced mods ruin it..]I've never had any problems with Steam nor Skyrim, and never really had anything to say about any game really, but this Workshop paid mods are awful, I'm writing this review because I don't want paid mods! I don't recomend this game anymore for anyone, if you have a PC nowadays you're fuc*ed, basicly the best of PC is doing what you want and having this "freedom" to mod your games, change settings, etc... If you don't want to see my entire review of the game, I think these few lines are wort, but from now on, I'll just say everything wrong I see with paid mods, in EVERY game. So basicly I'll say Skyrim is a broken game(wuuuut you say), yes, I have a good PC, and I can play games like GTA V with high settings, LoL and DotA on ultra with more than 100 fps, and other games(I just said that 3 so you know how my PC handles some good/great graphics games and intense in other ways). and Skyrim basicly forces you to play under 64 fps, and everyone who have a monitor with more than 60hz(most commom are 75hz and 120hz) knows that you'll have some problems with the game without any MODfication; other than that aspect, Skyrim have visible lags when it shouldn't have, like, you're in a inn, and have a lag(wuut?), or you're walking and have some serious stuttering issues! The game is made for a slow PC, or, a CONSOLE! So, basicly, you're paying money for a game that was made for a console, but you have a PC, and you know Skyrim is great(not that much, without mods...) because your friends said so, or you saw some gameplays and stuff, and you want to unbreak this broken game. Now you have this amazing thing called "mod", and you have a freaking awesome community that makes mods for everything, really, there is a mod(a great one by the way) that makes your sneak atack sound change to "SURPRISE MUTHAFUC*A!", and other mods that change skins, game textures, add sounds, relight the ENTIRE FUC*ING GAME, and more! So, why I think mods shouldn't be paid? Now is the real deal, when a guy spend 100h+ making a mod, or 1h, or even 1minute, he knew that it wasn't for money, he made the mod because he's a great person, and want to change the game for better! He knew that most people don't even know his name and never will, because a commom person just want the mod, and that's it. Now with mods getting money what I think(and I'm sure this will happen, and I'll try to explain why) will happen from now on. People will do theirs mods, upload to Workshop and wait for the money in their pockets, but that will not happen, because you'll get a freaking huge enterprise making mods, and they'll sell it, and man, this looks weird but yeah, that's called DLC...it's the fuc*ing DLC problem, we had DLCs since The Sims, maybe even before, but now games launchs with a DLC already, I remember people bashing Mass Effect 3 because of the before launch-DLC, and man, now every freaking game a DLC before launch; and it sounds I'm crazy but that's how it works, if you don't do anything about it, people will get what they want, and I know for sure that most people that do mods don't need or don't expect that money, because that's how it worked...now you'll have the iest mods, with the highest prices and that'll be fine, because you let them do it! So just for the information purpose, why I think huge enterprises will do the mod/DLC stuff? Because what they sell to you is a unfinished game, it's just a demo, a beta, a alpha for some games(coff coff CoD coff), and they make these DLCs before launch, ask you for your money and you pay because you like the game, isn't your fault, it's industry fault! Now they'll have another type of DLC, the mod DLC, that will change your entire game, you don't know if it'll work in your PC, if it's good, if it worth it even! But man, you don't have your answer if you don't buy it, and it only cost 0.99 right!? Isn't that big of deal, now the 0.99 is 1.99, then 5, now it's 9.99 and you didn't even notice it! They will just make the game like this, launching with 1k resolution for textures, then, 1 month after launch, you can buy the -GREAT 2K res TEXTURE- wuuh huuu!!! That's just great right!? Thank if you've read all this, sorry if my english isn't the better, but if it isn't hope you can at least understand what I'm talking about!]We had to put it down, it go the rabbies and started biting at our wallets... PAYWALL / 10]It's not that it's even a bad idea for the people that legitimately work hard, but because Valve/Bethesda's model for this is "Hey, you can do whatever you want, I'm not even going to QA this, but we're taking 75% of the cut", it makes it not worth it for the mod developers they're claiming to support. Even the Pay What You Want denominations are fixed, so it takes a bat to the face of the honour system, too. It's almost like being sued in small increments for trying to make a game likeable, because you're supposed to feel bad for thinking the vanilla version of this game is . Oh, and every time you get sued, they punch the plaintiff in the  too, just for good measure. But if you enjoy never touching mods like some sort of crazy Puritan, you'll probably like this game.]This game is clearly made for consoles and ported over to PC, the UI is great for controllers but horrible to use over a mouse and keyboard.. the combat is clearly made for button mashing via controller and therefore is a little drab. The only saving grace were mods, and now that mods are paid this means the price of the game isn't the final price you pay if you want to play a great game... and who knows how much mods are going to cost...]Like many potential customers I have owned this game for years on Xbox 360. I had not noticed the Steam paid mod controversy until after I purchased this game. I purchased a game I have already owned for 3 or 4 years because of the opportunity to try free mods. I now regret my purchase. The idea that Valve and Bethesda would charge for something like this is bewildering, and the percentage of the profits they keep is as well. My biggest issue is the lack of quality control. You have no way to determine the quality of a mod before purchasing. No way to determine if the next update makes it stop fuctioning. Mods are mostly made by amateurs. Even if they are paid, this does not mean they have the skills necessary to produce quality mods that will not negatively affect game stability. I would never purchase a product with so little guarantee of quality. This will inevitably lead to sweatshop, gold-spammer-style cheap content that drowns out the quality mods we are used to. I have in the past donated my talents to producing mods for the community to enjoy (I provided voice overs for multiple Dragon Age mods.) I would be far less willing to do this in the future. Let me add, just not buying mods is NOT a solution. The existance of a market in and of itself impacts the quality of content.]I enjoyed Morrowind's mod scene growing up, but have't had access to a game worthy PC in many years. Literally the week that I was financially secure enough buy a PC the could run Skyrim, Valve and Bethesda trashed the system for a quick buck.]Skyrim is a great game that i have loved since the day it came out. The second that paid mods were released, the game was ruined. Modding is about seeing peoples creativity and ingenuity in games, fixing problems that the Devs dont want to, and making the game overall more anjoyable. They essentialy removed all of this.]If you think i'm going to pay for mods, you can go  yourselfs]paying for mods is unacceptable.]An excellent game with many mods. Just don't make us pay for them and take a 75% cut.]Payed mods are killing the community. Don't ing buy this .]https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION BEFORE THE MODDING COMMUNITY DIES! .....................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......^__^............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\ OFFICIAL MODDER BLACKLIST isoku, xilverbulet, chesko, T_Vidotto, Jimo, Corvalho, Sparkwire, WLAD: THE DESTROYER OF GAMING, Arthmoor, Jeremy Klein, RadLyte, Laast, Shezrie PLEASE REPOST!]Negative review prompted by Valve's latest cash-grab labeled as a "service" to gamers, and a god-awful way to support modders. The modders are only receiving a 25% share of the money spent by players. Modders have to sell $400 worth of goods before they see even a single cent of their share. This atrocious idea has already split modding and gaming communities apart thanks in Valve putting $ signs before communities and players once again. Don't take this as a jab towards the modding communities though, even the modders that choose to participate in selling their creations. Modders everywhere have helped provide an unfathomable amount of custom content to games purely out of their love for games and its players, and they've been generous enough to share their creations for countless gamers. Many modders are going through hard times now facing morale decisions and fear of public backlash because of this carelessly stupid system, to the point that some have been discouraged from continuing their work. They have an even unnecessary burden recklessly placed on them of scouring the Workshop, making sure their freely-shared content is not being sold as someone else's work. If you have ever used a mod that you've enjoyed, please be sure to extend your thanks and respect to modders everywhere for their dedication, and let them know that their work is not going unappreciated.]Great Game, but with the paid mods steam is just trying to rake in more money How about giving us Half Life 3 and stop ing with us You are not doing anyone any good, no one is going to buy them its a great game, as you see by my hour,its a game that never gets old, as long as you dont buy mods from steam As a community, we need to stand against gaben and Steams action to make mods paid.]Please no don't make me pay for mods vavle, if you really wanted us to help them add a choice to help the creators insted of being forced to pay.]In what universe did 25% to the creator seem like a good idea; donations went 100% to them. Bad reviews for bad business practices, not to mention it was an inferior product compared to Oblivion and Morrowind. Damn shame.]Lousy service...]Great game but paid mods :(]This game was an awesome game with the game its self and all the mods but now that you have to pay for them....Its not worth the money anymore!]Enjoyed the game until the addition of paid mods, now it's dead.]The balls on these guys for charging us for mods is complete horse , mods are meant to be creative and and help modders show there skill for ing free. Bethesda you still have time to come back to the light. valve, shame on you for being a greedy .]Pay 2 mod, no thanks.]Was a really good game, possibly my favourite. Then they started charging money for mods. Until this practice is revoked. DO NO BUY THIS GAME>]Mods have thrived for years on their status as amateur productions. Mandatory payments spit in the face of this tradition.]The main problems with paid mods I can think off the top of my head are: Lack of guaranteed long term support, lack of guaranteed compatibility, and increased proliferation of cashgrab mods. Lack of guaranteed long term support means that if any patch comes along that breaks it, unless the original modder comes along and fixes it, its pretty much wasted money. This may not even be possible. For something like a dota item, you have a reasonable expectation that the item will work even years later. You dont have this expectation for mods. EDIT: I stand corrected, the dota 2 arcanas have apparently been bugged for years. ing seriously, that's sad. Lack of guaranteed compatibility means any mod you buy might clash with any other mod, effectively wasting your money. Ive encountered mods that take longer than 24 hours to figure out that they dont work together, so the refund in steam dollars doesnt help. (Again) with a dota item, you have the reasonable expectation that the game will still work even with any combination of them. Increased proliferation of cashgrab mods has already been seen. The poster child for the paid mods scheme, the Shadow Scale Set, is a single piece of armour, and requires that you add it via CONSOLE. No quest, no recipe, its not even located in the world. Its also only modelled for male characters, and stretches oddly on females. I could go on, as a lot of the items immediately released are little better. Theres probably other problems I havent thought of, but even at first glance this seems like a terrible idea. EDIT 2: With the removal of paid mods, this review is no longer very relevant. But, let it stand as a mark of what valve tried to do, and a warning. Good game, but paid mods will likely ruin it.]THEY DO IT FOR [SEVENTY-FIVE PERCENT]]No Paid Mods - Add a volontary donation button to fund the modder himself not bethesda]yeah lock all your mods behind a paywall its not like it's gonna cripple your game]Mods are officially paid for, while some are free, anything large and worth installing is behind an wall with a credit card scanner for a knob. DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU WERE GOING TO FOR THE MOD SCENE Be prepared to pay money for the fun mods. The original game is fun, though. Just don't hope for mods.]Great game, ruined by pushing a terrible business model. 1/10.]Mods used to be free, now that they're payed the game is way less fun... Thank you valve.  Remember kids, if VALVe becomes garbage like EA, there's still GoG.com and some DRM Free games on Humble Bundle.]While this game is very good, the greatest reason to buy this game is because of the amazing mods created and released by the community for free, with the option to donate money available. With the addition of Pay-to-Play mods, I can only see darkness ahead of this game's future. Consider another game.]Paid mods protest]Do not buy. Bad company. Bad game.]96% positive before paid mods ,84% positive after paid mods. Valve do you know what are you doing with this amazing masterpiece?]There's no such thing as bad publicity. Even if we all hate Bethesda for making paid mods a thing, they still win because... I forget where I was going with this. In short, game is good, paying for mods is not. Taste my middle finger Todd Howard.]Paid mods = Negative Review]A year ago, great game. Plenty of support for mods, now you have to pay for them so Valve can earn an extra buck. Don't support this. Also http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim a place that will never ask you to pay to enjoy what the sommunity creates.]"New ways to support mod creation," more like, "New ways to bring demise to PC gaming."]I liked Skyrim so much I bought it twice. First on 360 and then again on PC. The primary motivator for me to purchase it again on PC was free mods. It wasn't about the graphics, it wasn't about the price, it was all about the feature of free mods. Hell, I transitioned from 360 to PC because I was tried of being nickeled and dimed my Microsoft at every moment. I still played Skyrim with a 360 controller too. Most of the mods I used were simple, IIRC it was pretty much just a smithing mod, dragon bone items mod, weightless potions mod, and arrow crafting mod. I looked into the mods before buying Skyrim on PC, they were not the upsell afterthought. If the mods required payment, I wouldn't have purchased Skyrim on PC. I'm ok with donating to mod developers for their work though, this formalized system will only lead to dark places. So in short: I don't recommend skyrim on PC. Might as well get it on 360 though.]I saw this coming, Paid mods will become the new DLCs. Moving my business to Origin (at least the games are actually mine) and GOG]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?]I used to love this game, but valve put a stop to that when they introduced paid mods. I feel like a donation button would be better but.. I don't know. Valve messed up real bad, i hope that they will fix this.]I cannot recommend a game that relies on mods, and then wants to charge for them.]Thanks for ruining and dividing a once friendly and thriving modding community you fat, greedy, pieces of garbage. Do not support this behaviour, and do not buy this game.]Pay for mods? No ty. Great game otherwise though...]Hey atleast there's more early access on steam now, like we really needed that... EDIT:Paid mods have been removed from stEAm workshop. That's great, however I refuse to change my rating, not bEcAuse I hate the game and its devs, but merely to remind people about the things that BethEsdA and EVEN vAlvE are willing to do. But yea, just buy the game already!]STILL has headache-inducing first-person graphics on ATI graphics cards nearly 4 YEARS after release. Extremely jittery when looking up and down. Disappointed and won't be buying any more Bethesda products. Vote this review helpful so other ATI users can see it, no need for a million rants about paid mods! Thanks.]Paid mods are detrimental to not only this game but the state of PC gaming.]Buy this review for $9.99 on the Steam Workshop.]no payed mods]This game made its name in mods, free mods, that expanded this game beyond anything the creators could do. Now they are charging for the same mods that made them what they are today.]A great game until the paid mods, that's just ripping people off.]~You'll know why we are all dissatisfied. Don't forget to listen to your consumers because in the end it will come back to haunt you]Are Valva and Bethesda really trying to kill gaming? Counterstrike.. DOTA 2... Garry's MOD... All things that couldn't exist without mods. Please don't do this Gaben. Please.]dont pay for mods people. are you actually insane, valve?]Dragons are way too weak to be considered real, which really kills the immersion for me :-(.]This game is great and mods make it better but the mods should be free with a donation button not a mandatory payment]Way to go valve.]I liked Skyrim so much I bought it twice. First on 360 and then again on PC. The primary motivator for me to purchase it again on PC was free mods. It wasn't about the graphics, it wasn't about the price, it was all about the feature of free mods. Hell, I transitioned from 360 to PC because I was tried of being nickeled and dimed my Microsoft at every moment. I still played Skyrim with a 360 controller too. Most of the mods I used were simple, IIRC it was pretty much just a smithing mod, dragon bone items mod, weightless potions mod, and arrow crafting mod. I looked into the mods before buying Skyrim on PC, they were not the upsell afterthought. If the mods required payment, I wouldn't have purchased Skyrim on PC. I'm ok with donating to mod developers for their work though, this formalized system will only lead to dark places. So in short: I don't recommend skyrim on PC. Might as well get it on 360 though.]I saw this coming, Paid mods will become the new DLCs. Moving my business to Origin (at least the games are actually mine) and GOG]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?]I used to love this game, but valve put a stop to that when they introduced paid mods. I feel like a donation button would be better but.. I don't know. Valve messed up real bad, i hope that they will fix this.]I cannot recommend a game that relies on mods, and then wants to charge for them.]Thanks for ruining and dividing a once friendly and thriving modding community you fat, greedy, pieces of garbage. Do not support this behaviour, and do not buy this game.]Pay for mods? No ty. Great game otherwise though...]Dragons are way too weak to be considered real, which really kills the immersion for me :-(.]This game is great and mods make it better but the mods should be free with a donation button not a mandatory payment]Way to go valve.]Paid mods have ruined this game. I can't recommend this game on principle.]I used to recommend Skyrim, then Valve and Bethesda started letting people charge for mods. If that wasn't bad enough, they are also taking 75% of the profit from the sales of mods which they didn't even create. The whole idea behind charging for mods is a huge scam.]bethesda's greed simulator, all the cash from games sales and dlc sales is not enough now they want more cash from the sale of mods]made the game boring by selling mods 3/10]Screw You valve and your paid mod]REVIEW DEMO "Skyrim was one of the most anticipated games ever announced, following the success of Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, Bethesda certainly had high standards to live up to, and let me tell you, in my opinion, they absolutely, 100% percent-" We're sorry, you've reached the end of the Review Demo, if you would like to see the full review, please purchase "Skyrim Review," available on the Steam Store now for only $29.99 Also, please consider these additional expansions to the base review, also available at the Steam Store: Skyrim Dragonborn Review - $9.99 Skyrim Hearthfire Review - $9.99 Skyrim Dawnguard Review - $9.99 Skyrim Review Expansion Bundle - $27.99 BEST VALUE!!! A brand new edition to our review system is the inclusion of paid, player created, review modifications, available on the Steam Workship, these include such exciting additions such as: Bold Text Mod - $2.99 Italicized Text Mod - $2.99 Custom Border Mod - $3.99 ReviewUI - $4.99 High-Definition Thumbs Mod - $1.99 And many more to come!]Release a game that is half broken out of the box, charge for mods, then take 75% cut from the people who made the game playable. Absolutely ridiculous idea, bethesda has lost all of my business forever.]Paid Mods? Please Bethesda.]Paid mods ruin a brilliant game.]Paid mods, I Cannot reccomend this game to anyone, paying money to fix problems with the game that should have never been there is hilarious at best.]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]Without mods, Skyrim is playable for 30-40 hours before you get bored of it. From now on (April 2015), you officially need to be a rich person to enjoy the game beyond that time period.]No... paid mods are for greedy s who don't give a  about the community.  you Valve!]So I noticed the review page has become an avenue to show dismay of paywall mods. Rather than rag on about spears, horrible animations, retar ded AI, wonky gamebyro offshoot engine, or watered down game mechanics. I'll be talking about the recent addition of the paywall mods...which ultimately is connected to all these issues I mentioned since Bethesda is notorious for releasing games that are somewhat fixed by the modding community... So we come to this, 20+ years of tradition being challeged by the least likely companies of all: Valve. 6-10 years ago, if you said Valve was going to create this type of scheme, you would have been seen as insane. Well here we are. Valve has finally stepped up its game on bolder steps of consolidating power after years of testing the surrounding water. What they didn't know is that they would finally be fought back against. By attacking one of the cornerstone foundations of PC Gaming (Modding) they have committed the most shocking displays of absolute treason. What makes it worse is all the little  who defend these actions of paywalled mods. The type of people who firmly believe Valve can do no wrong and will defend their actions like North Koreans will defend Dear Reader despite being  on all the time. Their largest argument defending this change tends to be "Well now you have to pay for the hard work of the modders!" Let's be clear on something, modding is a hobby at its core, not a business. It's a hobby of people who have an utmost love for the games they play hence why they mod it and share with their fellow fanbase. If you feel entitled to something or came into modding for the sole purpose of benefitting off of it in terms of money or popularity, then this hobby is not for you. Now with pay mods, it encourages this behavior even more to a sickening level. Monetisation brings out the worst in people. It draws in the wrong crowd and floods the market with dubious and potentially broken products which some will find themselves gypped on as mods are known to become incompatible with game updates. If you truly want to make money off your work, then hell try and get a job in the gaming industry whether it be indie or professional level. Don't muddy up our drinking water.]Edit: Valve/Bethesda have reversed their decision on the paid mod policy. I will not be changing the review as a reminder to everyone of what they tried to pull. The game is great. However, I cannot recommend this game given the recent decision to implement paid mods into the game, alienating a long standing modding community and gamers alike.]Hey Gabe, how about you pay me $3 for a good review?]boo paid mods boo hiss]I would have recommended this game before, but after this whole paid mod thing I wouldn't recommend this game or any other Bethesda game to anybody. Others have stated plenty of good arguements for this is bad, so I'll keep my review short. But I am thoroughly dispointed with both Besthesta and Valve over this entire ordeal. And until they reverse this, my review of this game will remain negative.]Charging for mods is disgusting. Hopefully you do something to fix this situation.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve.]Pay2Mod = avoid at all costs. The game is 10/10, but with paid mods it doesn't even score a 1.  off Bethesda, you've gone too far.]Skyrim by it self is okay, With mods it is epic. However someone thought it was a good idea to monitize mods. Going aginst the idea of modifying a game, Because I can't justify paying 2.50 USD for some armor I must state plainly. DO NOT BUY. That goes for all of Bethesda games. If you wanted money you should have completed Fallout 4. Now I could give a .]Just. Stop. With the paid mods.]"Stab the body and it heals, but injure the heart and the wound lasts a lifetime." - Mineko Iwasaki Greed has grown within the walls of Valve and they've introduced poison into the community. This act shall not be forgotten for the community shall remember. Once the paid workshop mods have been removed, then, and only then, shall I change my review and my perspective on both Bethesda and Valve as well respected companies.]Can't support a game that "supports modders" by taking 75% of their earnings. Shame on Valve and Bethesda.]Greedy pathetic Valve scum. The only fair split is 75% content creator for creating new intellectual property, 20% to Bethesda for the intellectual property that is the base game, 5% to Valve for doing nothing more than sitting on their fat asses manipulating their monopoly. If you want mods, go to Skyrim Nexus, if you love a mod, please donate directly to the content creator via paypal. If you want to buy Skyrim, I'm sorry but you have to register the game through Steam, but do not have to buy from Steam. This is a great game, but do not buy it through Steam, same goes for any game where possible, GTA V is a great example, buy direct from Rockstar. This is Valve showing their true colours, this is clear evidence their monopoly needs to be broken down]Paid mods. Do not touch.]Paid mods? No thanks. I'll go back to playing it on my xbox]Paid mods? No thanks.]Let me just say steam this a horrible idea and is gonna go to  if you let this happen with the mod crap this game will die. so will your profits]Now that Bethesda and Valve are now collaborating for paid mods, and are making no effort to backtrack or make amends to the community, I cannot recommend this game. Not until the paid mods problem is resolved.]Paid mods? Yea right.]Paid mods are a disgrace, and reveal Valve and Bethesda as nothing more than the average greedy company, trying to milk as much money from the players as possible. Mods should be free, made by the community because of their passion and love for the game, not because they want some quick cash. If this feature is not removed, I, along with many others, will boycott Steam, and you should too.]Positive rating now costs 4.99]Get a grip bethseda]Paid mods, need I say more?]I can't recommend any Bethesda games if they are going to destroy the best (even arguably the only) thing about them.]Get rid of charging for mods.]Don't bother buying into the next microtransaction menace.]This negative review is only in response to the addition of adding mods that you have to pay to use. Mods should never be pay to use unless it drastically changes the game, ex. DLC. This creates competition between modders and responsibility to continue to update them or else people will complain. Some modders are only creating these mods for fun and doing it in their spare time. The game itself is great and any money that goes to paying for mods should be an optional donation directly to the Modder for their time and effort and none should go to the developer or valve unless for processing fees.]you gotta pay for mods, ing .]I loved this game and put in countless hours on both PC and Xbox versions of this game, but since the addition of paid mods I can't stand to even look at it. Way to go Valve. You done ed it up.]2/10, you are not even trying. This game used to be my battleground. Battleground where I used to fight with mods and their compatibility. Now it turned into some freaking EAfield. Buy this, pay for that, you don't know if it will work well together? SCREW YOU and pay for that.]It's a great game in many ways however due to Valve's recent adding of paid mods, we've been able to see their true colors. I think we can all agree that just like every other company; Valve needs money to stay afloat but, putting a paywall on everything (especially for work they didn't take the time to do) isn't the best thing to do. it's an extremely greedy business practice. It's also very sad to see Bethesda fall back to this greedy method and I was so hyped for fallout 4]Paid mods, That says enough why I cannot remommend this game]Hopping on the bandwagon :)]I would rather do 9/11 again than paying for a mod. .]mods=money=bad]I feel bad putting a not recommended for such a good game, but this paid modding can't go any further, and someone needs to get the message.]Paid mods are something that no one asked for, and i'm sure that a donate button would have worked fine.]Before the release of paid mods I would recommend this game. Now that it has become a PAY4FUN game I think the steam might just go kill itself and it killed the ratings on Skyrim. Until they change this horrible decision I refuse to play this game further because I now no longer "recommend" it.]Change "New ways to support workshop creators" to "New ways to support Valve and Bethesda." Very misleading, thumbs down.]The base game is not nearly as good as it is with mods. And now, all the lovely mods that made the game GREAT, are behind a paywall. If modders wanted to get paid. . . why did they bother making all these mods for FREE in the first place? I am not going to support this and i never will. A donate button, yes. A paywall? NEVER. Enough said.]] Bob is building an army to fight the war against Paid Mods.  ...\/ Copy and paste him all over the work shop so he Il]. Defeat Greedy Valve Employees!!! ... / \ Sorry Bethesda]Paid mods is a scam. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME until the whole "mod gate" has been resolved!]Skyrim is all about mods. Now mods are paid DLC. Good job taking the crown of greediness from EA, Activision, and Ubisoft]When did Valve and Bethesda become the new EA?]Birthplace of paid mods]Boycotting Steam Workshop, going to get all my mods from the modders themselves, it's an appauling the middle man is taking such a massive cut, this is not helping the modders as they have to charge even more just to get 1 buck, this is profiteering from other peoples creativity, anyone who buys a mod from the workshop is encouraging this exploitation! Games awesome, Valve has sunk to it's lowest.]Great game. But paying for mods is completely ridiculous.]So this is a good game, but the upcoming mod workshop has Valve taking a whopping 75% of the profit from original content that mod makers sell. So picture this. You make an expansion for Skyrim yourself and put it on steam workshop and make say $500 with it. Of that $500, you will only see $125. The rest is split between Bethesda and Valve. Similar arrangements to these like Google Play or the Apple App Store see a 60-40 split in the developer's favor. The workshop is set up 25-75 in store owner's favor. I don't have a problem seeing mod makers get paid, but claiming that this is a tool to empower burgeoning young game-makers is a lie. 25/100, would not mod.]Worst business model since dungeon keeper mobile.]paid mods nty ...-~^^~-_ .......-^*'' : : '' : : : : *- ..-* : : :--/ : : : : : : : '\ ./ : : -* . .| : : : : : : : : '| .../ : -* . . . | : : : : : : : : | ...\-* . . . . .| : : : : : : : :'| .../ . . . . . . '| : : : : : : : :| ..../ . . . . . . . .'\ : : : : : : : | ../ . . . . . . . . . .\ : : : : : : :| ./ . . . . . . . . . . . '\ : : : : : / .../ . . . . . . . . . . . . . *--*' .'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . '| / . . . . . . . ./ . . . . . . .| ../ . . . . . . . .'/ . . . . . . .'| ./ . . . . . . . . / . . . . . . .'| '/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .'| '| . . . . . \ . . . . . . . . . .| '| . . . . . . \_^-  . . . . .'| '| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . | '| .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '| | . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .| | . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .|]So long as paid mods are a thing I will not recommend this game to anyone. I will also recommend that everyone avoid Valve until they pull their heads out of their asses.]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?]10/10 would not pay for mods again! :D Donations or bust. :/]I've spent 170 HRs on this game ( not counting the ones I had in the pirated version ) it is a masterpiece this thumbs down is to show that greed would turn a masterpiece into a big pile of trash. buy it..but don't mod it.]Payed mods? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FopyRHHlt3M]Skyrim is all about mods. Now mods are paid DLC. Good job taking the crown of greediness from EA, Activision, and Ubisoft]When did Valve and Bethesda become the new EA?]I love this game. But those paid mods.]WOOHOOO I GET TO BUY THINGS THAT I USED TO GET FOR FREE BEFORE!!!]I used to LOVE Bethesda games but I want them to know just how terrible the idea of paying for workshop content is.]This is an awesome game that had the gaming community thriving with the production of unthinkable and amazing modifications, but since they have the pay for mods thing going, its probrobly the worst scam for money i have ever seen.]"Paid mods" is an absolutely filthy business practice thought up by the money-grubbing s who brought you the Oblivion horse armor. Bethesda and Valve needs to clean up their act. I can't recommend this game, as the modding scene has always been an integral part of bethesdas games and half the reason for buying any of their games. Now that they are monetizing modding, they are fixing to destroy the very thing that extends the lives of their games.]Game would have been perfect. However, They introduced paid mods.]This game is amazing, and I've been wanting to get the game for PC for a long time now, but since Steam is turning into a money-gobbling  like EA and making you pay for mods, the experience for me is ruined. This game is great without mods, but if your looking to play the game how you wanna play it, I suggest you wait until this 'pay for mods' thing has gone away.]YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO DESTROY THE SITH, NOT JOIN THEM]After all these years Bethesda wants to take money from the modders who have diligently patched, fixed and expanded the buggy mess that is vanilla Skyrim. Bethesda should be paying modders directly for breathing life into their game and keeping it popular over the years.]boring without mods now i have to pay to have fun thanks valve]Game is absolute  without mods, and considering you now have to pay for mods, it's pointless. Don't support anti-consumer companies. Don't support Paying for mods. The people also wanting to support workshop creators, Valve and Bethesda take 75% of the profits, and they have to make atleast 100$ until the mod creator can make even a cent.]now a paywall to find out how broken some parts of the game are, then spend more money to fix the poor work bethesda did on it. NOT IMPRESSED STEAM.]God I loved this game to death and for the longest time I have recommended to many friends as a good game to just **** around on since it had so many amazing mods. But now with the implementation of paid mods and the threat of further implemenation to other potentially just as amazing games I can't recommend this game to anyone now. I'm scared at how much this has schismed a once helpful and active community of a fairly old game. I agree with the many thousands of other like minded indviduals that say this "paywall" is horrendous and that it should be removed and replaced with a donation button instead. Valve should keep its greedy hands out of something that has been free since it started. Mods have turned many games into bestsellers and made many buggy games into easier to play tolerable messes, without mods many games would never have reached there level of fame they have. Why Bethesda and Valve would want to ruin this and how much it has helped them is beyond me, hopefully we can make them see the error of their ways. Once we have, I will change this review to the one this game deserves.]Shame on you Valve. Mods is suppose to be a labor of love, not greed.]Paid mods, unethical.]This was a good game years ago. If only there were some way for me to spice it up a bit, maybe adding new content created by other people who love the game. Oh, well. Since that doesn't seem to exist, I can't recommend this game in good conscience.]60 dollars for the base game I can happily pay. 60/100 dollars on DLC I can stomach. 60/100 dollars for mods borderline required to make the game play at it's maximum is ed up. Valve getting 75% of that for doing  all is flat out offensive.]0/10 with paid mods]60 dollars for the base game I can happily pay. 60/100 dollars on DLC I can stomach. 60/100 dollars for mods borderline required to make the game play at it's maximum is ed up. Valve getting 75% of that for doing  all is flat out offensive.]I love the game! the only thing is, i bought this on steam and on my pc for the reason that i wanted to use mods. now that Valve and Bethesda have made the  desicion of making mods paid, the reason to buy this on pc has become moot. if you have a supported console, buy this on console, unless you want to pay $50 bucks extra for 3 mods...]Why they had to introduce paid mods the way that they did is beyond me, all i know now is that my game is ruined and alot of time has been wasted.]Pay for mods!? Something that has always been free! And 75% goes to Valve/Steam and Bethesda? No. Infact I will never buy another Bethesda game again.]I refuse to play this game or buy any more of Bethesda's products. Paying other people, and then taking 75% of their profits to fix/modify your game is not just wrong, it's stupid.]Today we all mourn the passing of an old friend, by the name of Modding. Modding lived a long life but died from big companies greed today. We will always remember you. Requiescat in pace.]Like most Bethesda games, Skyrim is only mediocre when played without mods. With mods, the games cool factor rises a million times over. Mods let you change almost every element of the game, adding immeasurable fun, and replay value. With that said, this is going to be a negative review because Bethesda, and Valve, have enabled a system where modders can now sell their mods on Steam. This act has already led to some modders pulling their mods from free sites like Nexus. Why is it a bad thing for modders to be paid for their work? Because that's not what modding is all about. I also mod, but I would never charge someone for something that is essentially done for fun, and with the notion of sharing with others. Modding has always been something done by the fans of a game, for other fans of the game. For companies like Steam, and Bethesda, to try to monetize that, is nothing more than greed. And get this, the modders only recieve 25% of what they charge for their mods. Guess who gets the other 75%. This move sets a really bad precedent for things to come. You may not play Skyrim, but what if Valve started doing this to all their games? Modders for all games could potentially start charging people, and then the whole modding community would just turn into a huge market that nets big money for greedy corporations. So, though I had fun with it in the past, I do not recommend Skyrim to anyone. It's your call to get it, but when the only thing that makes the game any good, is about to become paid DLC, that's when the game turns foul in my mind.]Congratulation,this game is over!]Paywall with mods. AND the moders only get 25%... sickening.]Paying for mods? Hell no.]This game was great before paid mods. Now I wish I never bought it!]75% cut on paid mods, no thanks.]Paying for mods that aren't guaranteed to work after a game update is a terrible idea and you should feel bad Bethesda.]"What the f*ck did you just f*cking say about me, you little milk drinker? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Mage's College of Winterhold, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Summerset Isle, and I have over 300 confirmed Dragon souls absorbed. I am trained in hand-to-hand and magic combat, and Im the top swordsman in the entire Imperial Legion. You are nothing to me but just another lesser Dragon. I will wipe you the f*ck out with pure brute force the likes of which has never been seen before on Nirn, mark my f*cking words. You think you can get away with saying that sh*t to me? Think again, f*cker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of Dark Brotherhood assassins across the whole of Tamriel and your presence is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre f*cking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Empire of Cyrodiil and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable  off the face of the continent, you little sh*t. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your f*cking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you  idiot. I will sh*t fury and Thu'um all over you and you will drown in it. Youre f*cking dead, troll bait."]So this game at first the pinnacle of pc gaming has now become the downfall!]Wanted to start playing it but now i wont, because i do not want to pay for mods, because the money from purchases is mostly going to valve and bethesda game studios instead of to mod developer. Not fair.]Vanilla game is somewhat fine But I can't recommend this game in good faith. Sadly valve and bethesda decided they need to get 30% and 45% on the work from the community who only get a measly 25% Pay mods are wrong, so is getting 75% of someone elses work for hosting it. And will lead to countless abuse from people trying to make some cash. The first few paid mods are already mods that stole assets from other games, mods that were pulled from other sites at no benefit in quality... The only people profiting from this are Valve and bethesda. Please do not validate their business practice, do not buy their products for as long as this system exist.]Can't believe they're charging for mods now. I'm not supporting this game or valve/steam until they get rid of this new atrocious system.]Microtransactions for mods has killed all hope for the PC Master Race.]The only thing that kept the game going has now been drastically reduced]This is the death of the small mod, well done to those involved. Anyone posting counter reviews have no foresight]Not Recommended due to now paid mods. killing the community. Thanks Obama.]I'm sure you can guess my reasons for not liking the game. Just look around. Destroying the modding community has destroyed this game.]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits. Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly. Use NEXUS for mods.]pay money for mods... 0/10 IGN]valve's move has destroyed the SKyrim modding community thus destroying the game, and in the process has killed one of Skyrims greatest modders.]- YOBA (poor products of the modern video game industry) game Console port and suffers from console illnesses: Bad inventory interface Very simplified for broad audience (apparently 12 yrs old boys who pause from call of duty) Occasional horrible design - freaking samurai swords for "Blades" ! bad design ! BAD ! Not as half as good compared to Morrowind can't stress enough how shallow the game is + Characters and Locations from Elder Scrolls universe Some quests and dialogues are well written. Occasional very impressive design! The mods by the Community were epic and made this game epic, but not anymore! They are getting behind the paywall now. without mods 6/10]Buy it somewhere else. Don't support Steam's blatant money grab and destruction of a 15 year old mod community.]great game paid mods suck]Love the base game, loved the mods, protesting the paid mod system.]I can not recommend Skyrim, or any other game that follows in these shameful footsteps, to anyone.]Screw paid Mods]Mods are now PAID DLC. With no garanty that they will work in the future and no return policy after 24h. RIP]Skyrim, great game. Plenty of time on the Console version (PS3) but now here on pc, the very essence of our community is being corrupted. NO PAID MODS!]Glorified DLC made by amateurs in their basement from recycled assets? Sign me up! addendum april 23rd, 2015, never forget the day that Bethesda and Steam tried to screw players and modders]What once was a wonderful game has been ruined by microtransactions introduced under the guise of "paid mods" by the likes of Valve and Bethesda. I do not recommend purchasing this title, on sale or otherwise.]Pay for mods, what the  valve?]So, what you're telling ME, is that I can spend a few minutes writing a macro that gives the player max money, then put it on the workshop for $1? Man, what a great idea! /s]I had to change my recommendation to negative since the paid mods were released. I have no problem with donating mod creators but it should be optional. Now it's just a new kind of DLC...]I dislike the new paid mod system implemented by both Bethesda and Valve. 1/10 until the recent changes to the mods are removed entirely. Edit: Valve and Bethesda have stepped back, and made mods free again. However, this negative review will serve as a reminder to both parties that paid mods will never be okay, and that this move has permanently damaged their reputation.]I use to be a Skyrim fan like you, then I took paid mods to the wallet.]Never in my life have I seen something so good become so corrupted so quickly. Paid mods. Those words should make every pc gamer cringe. I cant recommend simply because of this.]At least give the modders a higher percentage. Otherwise you can suck on my downvote.]With Valve and Bethesda making a move to destroy one of the greatest aspects of PC Gaming (The modding scene) this week, turning mods into 3rd party DLC that has none of the quality assurance, compatibility, testing, or support that an official product has (yet 75% of the revenue goes to valve and bethesda), I urge everyone reading this review to NOT buy Skyrim. I've owned the game since launch, I own all the DLC, I've played over 200 hours (and basically done nothing in the process) with countless (free) mods... but what valve and bethesda are doing with the paid workshop is pathetic and terrible for consumers and the PC gaming community. Do not support it with your money.]Paid mods. AVOID.]Valve and Bethesda joined hands to venture to the dark side, I do not support. Rise to fight for free mods!]This new modding change is tearing the Skyrim community apart. It needs fixed.]amazing game but ruined pay4mods]Just because I don't like the "paid mods." I personally think that there are better ways to support developers.]Edit: Valve and Bethesda have decided to listen to the community and have scrapped the paid workshop, at least for now. I applaud them for taking down the paid workshop, and as such have regained some of my trust. However, I will be leaving my review as "Not Recommended" to serve as a reminder. Original: Honestly this game is good, but because both Valve and Bethesda have decided to introduce a paywall for mods I can no longer recommend Skyrim. I urge everyone who doesn't own the game already to refrain from buying this game. Bethesda and Valve have also lost a customer and I refuse to purchase anymore of their games, unless they reverse their stance on paid mods.]I can't get through the ing intro becuse the horse get stuck in ing everything...... or i keeep spinning like a ing idiot through the hole intro!!!!! ffs]Supports paid mods]Didnt like it because of the non dynamic, extremely loose controls/combat. tried it with a controller to see if the experience would change or improve, I get poor remapping options or difficult to find out how to invert camera controls on the analog sticks. Annoyed at the fact I am forced to go through cut scenes/scenarios Everything I can't stand in a game 1. forced scenarios/cut scenes with out a skip feature 2. poor button options/remapping 3. bad UI 4. horrible linear/non dynamic combat. 5. bad loose controls/character control synconization]It was fun but paying for mods just ruined the whole game.]I love this game. even if I don't have many hours on it, i played it for very long but I do disagree with paid mods! Valve and Steam decided to start making people pay for mods, otherwise id give this 10/10! but I hope that the paid mod idea goes away, this is just crazy]would give 9/10 but there are paid mods... YES U HEARD RIGHT .... PAID MODS! 8/10]The community made Skyrim, you and your mods what they are today. And now you betray this community over night for lousy 25% ? Shame on you! Earn money for your work is good. But not in such a sneaky way you did! Skyrim Review: Great game! Sadly with questionable company policy behind it..... Can i recommend it? : Not any more, at least not under this circumstances.]business practices,  review]Paid mods, are you absolutely kidding? Overly greedy, ruining what was once a good game.]Paid Workshop has now poisoned this game. We need a doctor.]I personally recommended this game to all my friends who was interested or not in gaming- it was my absolute favorite game of all times- thanks to this great modding-community :'D - but it was in the time back when the main-character weren't KNOWN AS THE ''DLC-BORN'' >:(]Paid mods. Yeah, I know. Sounds great. Just like Kickstarter, Greenlight and early access.]Paid. Mods.]Didnt like it because of the non dynamic, extremely loose controls/combat. tried it with a controller to see if the experience would change or improve, I get poor remapping options or difficult to find out how to invert camera controls on the analog sticks. Annoyed at the fact I am forced to go through cut scenes/scenarios Everything I can't stand in a game 1. forced scenarios/cut scenes with out a skip feature 2. poor button options/remapping 3. bad UI 4. horrible linear/non dynamic combat. 5. bad loose controls/character control synconization]It was fun but paying for mods just ruined the whole game.]I love this game. even if I don't have many hours on it, i played it for very long but I do disagree with paid mods! Valve and Steam decided to start making people pay for mods, otherwise id give this 10/10! but I hope that the paid mod idea goes away, this is just crazy]would give 9/10 but there are paid mods... YES U HEARD RIGHT .... PAID MODS! 8/10]The community made Skyrim, you and your mods what they are today. And now you betray this community over night for lousy 25% ? Shame on you! Earn money for your work is good. But not in such a sneaky way you did! Skyrim Review: Great game! Sadly with questionable company policy behind it..... Can i recommend it? : Not any more, at least not under this circumstances.]Thanks for ruining free mods skyrim EDIT: paid mods removed, disregard this]Paid mods. User-made DLC. First horse armor, and now this. Bathesda sure seems to be a major trailblazer in horrible microtransactions, advancing industry technology in the wrong direction since 2006!]I played the absolute crap out of this game on console, and happily purchased it on pc again to experience it with mods. This game is fantastic, but what keeps me coming back to it is the amazing mod community. However, that is now all in the past, Now you have to pay for mods, and the community is broken. I'm sad to see this happen to such a beloved game, and for such wonderful companies to sink so low. If you love this game, or any modded game, please considering donating to them through paypal, and skipping the 25% for the creator mess that Steam has created. Everything should be optional paid, and at the least 50% of revenue to the modders. For shame Steam. Please, do not support this microtransaction trend, it hurts you, it hurts the gaming community. I highly reccomend checking out the Nexus creators forecast, and response to this whole ordeal HERE: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/news/12449/? and the forecast HERE: http://www.nexusmods.com/games/news/12444/? . It paints a clear, and concise picture of how this hurts the community, and how many issues can arise with such an action. If this whole scandal blows over, I will happily change my score, but until then my review remains unchanged. Be weary travelers.]Who wants to pay for mods? It's a great game but im officially done with it.]I could care less about Skyrim at this point, but I would love to see how a 75% cut to Valve is justified in this whole paid mod venture.]Seriously Valve? Paid mods? Are you ing serious?! I trusted you Valve and you betrayed me.]Making mods dlc is a disgrace towards everything Valve has stood for, towards everything the prior Elder Scrolls games have been, and to the community that have made these games what they are. You make me sick.]So thaaaat's why Skyrim is free for the weekend.]The move to allow mod creators to charge money was awful. It goes against everything that modding games has been about. Valve itself exists thanks to the modding of games. 75% of the money goes mostly to Valve and the game developer; the mod author gets 25% and only after they make their first 100 bucks. This is awful. Just no. Skyrim has a lot going for it, it's very fun, mods are nice, etc etc, but Bethesda has made a very clear statement about what they want to do with FUTURE games.]Paid Mods. I never asked for this.]Never would have thought that i have to rate this as a 'No' but things change... Thanks Valve & ZeniMax.]I love Skyrim but don't support paid mods !!!]Not a fan of paid mods.]Hiding mods behind a paywall = Not cool.]This is one of my favourite games of all time...mostly because of the fantastic modding community. Therefore I can no longer recommend it because of the addition of paid steam workshop content. This will be a disaster for the modding community - it will stifle collaboration and innovation, and encourage uninteresting and stolen content. This will slowly (or quickly) choke the life from a wonderful community.]I can't support a company that releases bug-filled games then just sits back waiting for the modding community to fix their issues for them. It is an insult to gamers, modders, and the community as a whole. I also feel embarrassed for Bethesda as a company. Getting money for a buggy game, getting more money through modders who have worked out these bug fixes? Ridiculous.]I had just reinstalled this and planned to play it when this whole paid mods debacle occurred. The way it has developed has been very disheartening, and I went ahead and uninstalled the game. I won't be bothering with another playthrough, and I am now reconsidering whether I would pay for a new Fallout or Elder Scrolls game.]Do not support valve by buying this game, with the new pay for mod feature, showing how greedy they are]Innovative paid mods, PC master race wins again :-D]This game is now officialy bad thanks so paid mods]Liked it before I had to pay Valve for mods they didn't make.]Valve introduced a pay scheme with the support of the game developer to begin charging for player created mods. While I am not opposed to the idea, I am opposed to the mod creator only receiving 25% of the money. I cannot in good conscience recommend this game when both steam and the game creator seem intent on destroying a vibrant player community and the game life extending mods with it, for a quick money grab.]RIP Steam: Paid Mods killed you and everyone who loved you]"Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?" This. what a joke valve.]The games good but it has been killed by paid mods]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]Skyrim Vanilla - 7/10 Skyrim w/ DLC - 9/10 Skyrim with mods - 11/10 Skyrim with paid mods - 0/10]Paid mods are essentially microtransactions that one would find in the cesspool that is mobile marketplaces. This type of stuff does not belong on Steam. I agree modders should be paid, but modding is a passion hobby. A donate button would be much better suited. I can no longer recommend this game because of paid mods.]Negative review in protest at the MODs payment. Anlisis negativo en seal de protesta por los MODs de pago.]Let's not kid ourselves, you should make mods because you love the game, not because you want the money. I've already poured out a 40 for Steam. Goodnight sweet Prince.]Valve introduced paid mods for skyrim which has ruined the game for myself and many other people. A lot of the mods I used from the nexus are now pulled because of people taking the original mod and uploading it on steam as their own.]I really don't support this game and its publisher pushing paid mods as the new norm.]Have to pay for mods 1/10]Two Words... Paid Mods]Paid mods are a plausible idea, but they need to be implemented with a better system. I'd prefer a donation button with a larger cut to the modder.]Yet another example on how corporate the gaming industry is becoming. Keep this up and even AAA games will look like terrible mobile games that require a pay-wall every 10 minutes]Peice of .]very shallow game that requires payment for streamlined additional and enhancing content.]Valve and Bethesda are charging for user created content.]I spent 305h on this game. Loved it and spent hours doing everything and anything, all that thanks to a huge modding community which allowed me to tweak the experience. Had I started the game today, I would have stopped playing after 3 hours instead. Why? Because the vanilla user interface for PC is complete garbage and had there not been the wonderful SkyUI mod, I would have stopped playing. And now Steam graces us with their "reward the modders" talk where they only take a 75% cut. How noble of them. This is a line which should never have been crossed as it is really obvious it was just a new way for Steam to make easy money off the modders back. What wil really happen is that they will effectively destroy the modding community and only thieves and shoddy contents will pop up instead.]Pay for mods.]This game is mediocre at best but there are people that enjoy it and that is fine and all, but the reason I'm even bothering reviewing this game though is because of the recent show of poor business sense from Steam and Valve in general. The fact that this game was only enjoyable with extensive mods was already a bad sign, but now the fact that everyone needs to pay for said mods is not only going to kill this game, but put Bethesda and Valve in a bad light. This is also a threat to future or current games in general if other companies decide to follow with this malpractice. Would you ever pay for a bug fix? Or a mod that adds more trees? Or different menu skins? The list of fallacies from this new system is lengthy and this whole fiasco is simply ludicrous. Please do not support this game or any other games/companies that try to implement pay-to-play mods into the community!]Paid mods are a horrible idea. I don't want this implemented in future games.]Bad move with the mods]They now have mods that you have to pay for.]Mods cost money...]Skyrim's only genuine merit was it's ability to be modded into a playable, decent game. Now, this has been totally invalidated by Valve's most recent monetization effort. What little respect I had for Bethesda is now gone, and the tremendous respect I had for Valve is severely diminished. Granted, neither of these companies really give a  about what we think, so I guess that's irrelevant. Still, there is no more reason to play Skyrim. If at all possible, I may be getting a refund for it now that they have changed one of the fundamental elements of the game, changing the product entirely.]Loved this game for quite some time, but now they add paid mods? Oh and note: STEAM MODDERS ONLY GET 25% OF THEIR SELLING PRICE, SO THIS DOES NOT SUPPORT MODDERS AT ALL, THIS IS A SCAM BY STEAM TO RIP PEOPLE OF THEIR MONEY!!! http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/04/23/steam-workshop-lets-users-sell-mods-but-only-shares-25-percent-of-revenue/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mod_(video_gaming) Searched up video game mods. Where does it say you have to pay for a change in the game? I thought that it i looked in the workshop only a few mods would be charging money, and really good ones to boot. *Facepalm. 75 cents for ONE sword? $5 FOR AN ARMOUR SET????????? Jesus... it makes the skyrim DLC's look cheap. Note: I normally dont post reviews but when people start trying to sell pieces of crap with the title ''altercation or mod'' its like saying i'll sell you this piece of crap... oh and to make it better i will sell you the smell to it as well! so $5 for the crap and $10 for the smell as well. Note Note: Skyrim entertains for about 7 hours before you start thinking mods... Well now there are no mods. Mods was the lifeblood of skyrim. Think about it, how would you feel if sudenly someone added a ''tax'' for breathing air? Its like the people who play skyrim having to pay for mods. *pacepalm again,... it is. Wow if people dont change their ways who knows how long until you will have to pay the ''air'' tax. Note Note: Note: THIS DOES NOT SUPPORT THE MODERS, THIS ONLY HINDERS THEM http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/04/23/steam-workshop-lets-users-sell-mods-but-only-shares-25-percent-of-revenue/ The modders only get 25% of their selling price to boot. So basicily that $5 armour set? He gets around $1.25 for each sale. This is unbelievably apauling. This is a scam by steam to rip good honest folk of their hard earned dollars.]90% of the fun from this game is from mods. Putting them behind a paywall basically classifying them as DLC is a very very bad idea. I love this game so much but this idea is going to spread. So far only 17 mods have fallen victim. Bethesda is testing this "idea" on Skyrim so when Fallout 4 comes out, this will be the norm. Modders only get 25% of the cut, the rest being split between Steam and Bethesda. This will spread to other games. This will end up being normal in about a year. This is the new DLC.]Making mods dlc is a disgrace towards everything Valve has stood for, towards everything the prior Elder Scrolls games have been, and to the community that have made these games what they are. You make me sick.]So thaaaat's why Skyrim is free for the weekend.]Paid mods are broken and this was a horrible descision.]Mods cost money...]Skyrim's only genuine merit was it's ability to be modded into a playable, decent game. Now, this has been totally invalidated by Valve's most recent monetization effort. What little respect I had for Bethesda is now gone, and the tremendous respect I had for Valve is severely diminished. Granted, neither of these companies really give a  about what we think, so I guess that's irrelevant. Still, there is no more reason to play Skyrim. If at all possible, I may be getting a refund for it now that they have changed one of the fundamental elements of the game, changing the product entirely.]Loved this game for quite some time, but now they add paid mods? Oh and note: STEAM MODDERS ONLY GET 25% OF THEIR SELLING PRICE, SO THIS DOES NOT SUPPORT MODDERS AT ALL, THIS IS A SCAM BY STEAM TO RIP PEOPLE OF THEIR MONEY!!! http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/04/23/steam-workshop-lets-users-sell-mods-but-only-shares-25-percent-of-revenue/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mod_(video_gaming) Searched up video game mods. Where does it say you have to pay for a change in the game? I thought that it i looked in the workshop only a few mods would be charging money, and really good ones to boot. *Facepalm. 75 cents for ONE sword? $5 FOR AN ARMOUR SET????????? Jesus... it makes the skyrim DLC's look cheap. Note: I normally dont post reviews but when people start trying to sell pieces of crap with the title ''altercation or mod'' its like saying i'll sell you this piece of crap... oh and to make it better i will sell you the smell to it as well! so $5 for the crap and $10 for the smell as well. Note Note: Skyrim entertains for about 7 hours before you start thinking mods... Well now there are no mods. Mods was the lifeblood of skyrim. Think about it, how would you feel if sudenly someone added a ''tax'' for breathing air? Its like the people who play skyrim having to pay for mods. *pacepalm again,... it is. Wow if people dont change their ways who knows how long until you will have to pay the ''air'' tax. Note Note: Note: THIS DOES NOT SUPPORT THE MODERS, THIS ONLY HINDERS THEM http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2015/04/23/steam-workshop-lets-users-sell-mods-but-only-shares-25-percent-of-revenue/ The modders only get 25% of their selling price to boot. So basicily that $5 armour set? He gets around $1.25 for each sale. This is unbelievably apauling. This is a scam by steam to rip good honest folk of their hard earned dollars.]90% of the fun from this game is from mods. Putting them behind a paywall basically classifying them as DLC is a very very bad idea. I love this game so much but this idea is going to spread. So far only 17 mods have fallen victim. Bethesda is testing this "idea" on Skyrim so when Fallout 4 comes out, this will be the norm. Modders only get 25% of the cut, the rest being split between Steam and Bethesda. This will spread to other games. This will end up being normal in about a year. This is the new DLC.]Paid mods are broken and this was a horrible descision.]Great game, but the paid mod plan was.... less than great. I'm not opposed to the very IDEA of paid mods, but test it out with a new game, rather than co-opting an existing, vibrant community.]With the introduction of payment for certain mods it is truly disgusting to play this game]2 words : Paid Mods False God Gabe N, why have you betrayed us.]With almost two hundred hours of game play on record I use to be able to recommend this game. With Valve's new 'Pay for Mods' system, I can no longer support or recommend Skyrim. I understand mods can be compared to DLC, but the fact Valve takes 75% of the cut for a mod created by a user for a third party game using a free Tool Kit produced by the game's developer is just wrong. Sad day for Skyrim.]Once upon a time there was game company that had all the goodwill that a game company could get. Then one day this game company decided that they had so much goodwill they had more than they needed. So the Game company decided to team up with there PC distributor. They talked and they talked tell they final came up with grand idea they'ed take all the goodwill and hard work from the modders and exploit them tell they fell over like fodder....the end....... This was once upon a time one of if not the greatest games for modding, now its a land devided with brother against brother, friend against friend. hope you all like 5$ armour packs in fallout 4 and mod load orders that can run upwards of 400$+ that is the future paying 400$+ for a game! Also the age of the big teams of modders for awesome projects very well might be ending as well we well see tons of quickly made 5$ armours and weapons as modders struggle to make modding there living with only 25% of the income from these new practises and thats only once theyve reached the 400$ amount were they start to get money.... its the end of an era..... always remember the 23 of april 2015 as it might just very well be a day that you might want to remember.]This was a fantastic game mostly for the strength of its modding community, Bethesdas bugs where patched, content enriched and interfaces improved. Mods kept the game relevant years after its release, Bethesda and Valve chose to thank the modding community for there work by splitting us in the interest of promoting their own micro transaction fueled cash cow.]Paid mods, game is now worthless completely]Skyrim is an all time favorite game of mine, so if you havent played it, ing buy it. Buy Skyrim. However, Valves decision to implement 'paid mods' is ridiculous. Ever since gaming was created, there have been player made mods, always have been free, always should be. Also, if you argue that these modders should be paid for their work I would mention that A. Gaming is a hobby, if somebody is struggling financially, the last thing they should be doing is being involved in lengthy strenuous mod building and most importantly, B. Developers get to keep 25% of the profit that gets put directly in their steam wallet.. This decision is hardly helping the developer, and it is just a greedy ploy by Valve to make some more money.. DOWN WITH THESE PAID MODS]Pros: Vibrant modding community (before a few days ago) Cons: Base game is terrible Have to pay for mods]The paid mods in the workshop are putting the entire PC gaming market in danger. I can't recommend supporting this kind of an exploitative business model until the paid mods in the Steam workshop are removed or COMPLETELY reworked to be donations with a minimal cut for Valve. I will change this back to a positive review as soon as Valve backtracks on their decision.]I made a mod and no one bought it]If I wanted to get ed by Gaben I would have brought lube :^)]This game rocks! And it has mods! Wait....WTF?!??!!! Paying for mods???? OMG WTFFFFFFF IS THIS STUPID SH#T?! Paying Valve for mods created by community (75% is taken by Valve) s something I consider crime. Id rather pay EA 300 or so for their DLCs for Sims than this...]The whole idea of selling mods in a game is.... beyond exorbitant. Especially a single player game like Skyrim. Valve, you crossed the line. Here are some clearly addressed counterarguments for "why Valve should relinquish this pay-for-your-mods system" If a user creates a mod, they should make it not for the money, but for the whole gaming community and/or for experience. If money is the issue for the modder, then let's face it: they shouldn't be modding just for the sake of acquiring money. However, compensation for work shouldn't be disregarded: a donation system should be set up for the modders. A paid mod (like dlc) already establishes a new ground between players who can purchase the mod and players who can't. In game type (MMORPGs) this would be admissible, or (insert any multiplayer game within the given parameter). The mods would travel through some kind of quality control and then valve would sell it. However... Skyrim isn't even an MMORGP. It's a singleplayer game. For gods sake, you can't even play this game with other people, and a vast quantity of mods (in the payment section of the workshop) show that there really isn't a quality control. So far the aftermath of the implementation of this new system has caused modders in nexus to either: 1) take down their work on nexus and sell it here 2) take it down for the sake of preventing people from stealing it. Shall I go onto nexus (or some other modding website), and sell it here as my own? Maybe use someone else's mod as a base for mine and sell it? This system really makes it easy to steal other people's work, re-brand it and sell it here for a profit. To steal a mod is very disrespectful to the original author(s) of the mod. This prevents new content from great modders being produced and released in fear of it being stolen. Also, Anyone who takes part of purchasing misappropriated mods will encourage and be apart of this larceny. Oh, what am I saying? Valve and Bethesda are going to take a 75% cut anyways. If you don't think this is a big deal, then think about this: In the near future, this whole system could spread to other games, not just Skyrim.]Downvoted only due to the following: The practice of paying for mods is antithetical to the nature of the modding community; an optional "DONATION" button is not (Just like on the Nexus http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/? ). Was a fun game, The fact that Valve is doing this and that Bethesda is endorsing it and they both taking the largest share of the modders' work is American Corporate greed at it's finest. Take something artistic and done for the love of the subject matter, monetize it, then allow the accountants to define art as widgets, and then creativity is now run by the mercantile class, the middle men, who are "America Corporates". If they had any integrity and decency, any moneys brought in, at the very least, should be 100% donated to charities on behalf off the modding community in conjunction with Valve or Bethesda or whomever. See Gaben, you don't need the cash grab, you can win by getting good press which in the long run would do better for you to show you are not like EA et al.]Reviewing games based on a totally outside aspects (e.g not about Gameplay, Sound, Mechanic, Graphic) isn't my hobby or my preference, as I'd prefer to be objective, but this one is different. Skyrim, the game that many of us love dearly, the game that many of us love to mod, is now being plagued by so called paid mods. Paid mods are fine, but the concept and execution are uber poor by Valve and Bethesda. I would list them all, but it's gonna be a hella long review, so I'll just list the most important ones. 1. Copyright issues. Money-driven motivation will definitely come into play. And it's dirty, dirty motivation. 2. Assets stealing. It speaks for itself. 3. No quality assurance, so poor quality paid mods will emerge as I write this. 4. Bethesda no longer give us patch for Skyrim, despite so many bugs existing in this latest version. With paid mods they'll just reap money and do nothing. Unacceptable. Do your job, Bethesda, and do it properly. Not to mention unfair treatment for modders. Yes, taking royalties for base game's existence is fine, taking royalties for Steam's cut is fine, but 25% for modders is a downright ripoff. I am against this so much. At least give the content creators an ability to put up donation links straight to their own pockets, and also let pay what you want feature to be exactly what pay you want, starting from 0.00001 USD. That's all. Don't get me wrong, Base Skyrim or Legendary Skyrim is... legendary. It has quality of its own, but recent move by both parties (Valve and Bethesda) leaves me with sour taste. Thus, no more positive recommendation from me for Skyrim.]10/10 game until... Paid mods. Mods should be free not paid for.]paying for mods = death of steam]Paid mods? I don't think so.]Edit: Keeping it negative to serve as reminder of the day Bethesda and Valve blackened Skyrim modding community. NO! Because of Bethesda + Valve adding one more lair of bull***t on gaming community wich is up to it's neck because of recent years commercialization in game media. THIS HAS TO STOP!]This game supports paid mods.]They ask money for mods?! Moneygrab again!]Bethesda & Steam are strangling SKYRIM with their paid mods greedfest idea. Let's hope that they abandon the paid mods idea before they kill off the game entirely.]Paying for mods goes against what the modding community is all about. Before someone says that these moders deserve money, they are not going to get it from valve or bethesda. Valve takes 75% of the money earned on each mod. The best way to support a moder would be to donate to them. The moder are not getting any real money from these mods either it is all steam credit, so it is just going back to valve.]I just came here to downvote and report this product, since Valve is not what it used to be like. EA is two golden turds, Valve is five golden turds.]Valve should be ashamed of charging people for mods, which themselves aren't even using original assets for the most part, so sad to see an otherwise great game being ruined by bad business practices and just plain greed. If you want people to financially suport modders just add a donation button...]Paid Mods Simulator 2015.]vanilla game was ok, maybe a 7/10 mods made it great and a truly legendary game 10/10... BUT... now some mod creators are taking down their free "for the community and love of the game" mods and putting them behind a pay wall, pure greed. if the mods were worth paying for then people would have donated if you let them. even worse is some mod creators are taking down their mods elsewhere because they don't want them to be stolen and sold on steam... this game needs 100's of mods to be added to it and maybe 100's more hours in trial and error testing of mod compatibility with other mods to make it worthy of the 90%+ rating it has and that could end up costing you 100's in mod microtransactions now if the creators sell out. and a lot of mods need other mods and software to work such as skse and enb etc, so there's going to be people wrongly profiting from other peoples work, if you support that then buy this game.]Very buggy. Needs mods to make things work well, but now you have to pay for the mods. Don't buy.]My letter to Valve (and also Bethesda) concerning their recent business decisions. It's amazing to me how two of my favorite developers could move to the opposite end of that list in the course of a day. Enjoy the read and don't forget to write your own: "I'm sure you're getting a lot of these, so I'll keep it concise and non-abusive. I loved Steam. In fact, my account is sitting at about 655 games at the moment. I didn't just buy those games because I'm madly in love with gaming. No, I bought them on this site because I bought into a vision -- a vision of a community passionate about games and social interaction. And at the epicenter of that was a company that was one of the good guys, a company with an ethical code, respect for its customers, and a down-to-Earth leader. I loved that company, but I don't see that vision anymore. All I see is a company that, while drowning in money, can't seem to have even mediocre customer support or basic quality assurance. But I always glossed over those flaws. I loved you and stayed loyal despite the increasingly poor customer experience. But paid modding is the straw that broke this camels back. Every single aspect of it wreaks of the kind of shady behavior we've seen elsewhere in the industry. I'm not opposed to modders making a buck, but there were so many other ways to do this: a donation button, reasonably low pricing, giving the author more than a mere pittance of 25%. or only allowing a small list of very high quality mods to be paid. But what you've built now will only result in an influx of poor quality, broken, copyright-infringing mess of mods and the death and exploitation of a beautiful and vibrant community of creativity. And I won't support it. Until this is rolled back, I'm not buying another game off of Steam. If that means I have to go to sources like http://gog.com for my games, then so be it. But I won't accept what Valve has become. You need to learn to listen to your customers again."]Valve's cash play for money by monetizing certain mods and potentially crippling the existing mod community and fan sites is a painful reminder of what drives large corporations. Mods are a passionate expression of wants or dreams for a game. Valve taking 75% of the gross revenue from any mod sales is appauling.]A buggy, half finished game that relies on fan created modifications to become worth playing. This would almost be fine, if Bethesda and Valve wouldn't have the audacity to now try to make money off these mods. Do not support greedy and unethical business practices, and do not buy this game.]Honestly, a month ago I would have recomended this game. Until I woke up and booted up, and noticed I had a message, to uninstall all of my mods. You know, mods, the things that make games you've beaten playable again, with new life? Well I had some downloaded, and I got a notice to "uninstall them, and procure them via transaction". Basically "I know that was free but now I want money for it, so uninstall it and pay me". Absolutely disgusting, as long as a game supports content that has been free for 20 years in games, as something locked behind a paywall, I can't reccomend it in good faith.]With the new mod system, Bethesda is stealing 75% of the profit off content THEY DIDN'T EVEN MAKE. How greedy can you get? This isn't even VALVE that did that, it's BETHESDA. Don't ing support these thieves.]Making people pay for mods that don't even work is bad business. I cannot support this game with such an awful business practices. Valve should be ashamed.]Imagine releasing a broken game and then charging people for mods that make that game playable. Imagine being Bethesda.]The mod pay-wall is awful. Who needs donations when you could have a 75% cut?]Paid mods? I don't think so.]Edit: Keeping it negative to serve as reminder of the day Bethesda and Valve blackened Skyrim modding community. NO! Because of Bethesda + Valve adding one more lair of bull***t on gaming community wich is up to it's neck because of recent years commercialization in game media. THIS HAS TO STOP!]I can not change my rating. I ask all gamers to remember what both Valve and Bethesda tried to do. Never forget, and watch out for paid mods inevitable reappearence in later Bethesda games. I will pull this review if The Elder Scrolls VI and Fallout 4 avoid this.]now you too can pay for mods which are more expensive than the game is on sale.]Game was ruined by Paying for mods. If i was going to pay for it, Make the original developer make the modifications, I'm not paying some no-body who ripped off mods from nexus for a mod that has a 95% chance to not work and crash the game anyway. I'm sorry Valve, but you ed up this time.]Paid mods, with the best ones being sold stolen. Pathetic. The "Mods" are more expensive then the game. Shame on Bethesda and Steam.]You know what? I used to love this. Hours and hours of gameplay, online and offline mode. Testing mods. Playing the crap out of every nook and cranny the internet has to offer to this game. Hell, you don't even need reviews to know this game was good. Was. Now, with Valve's practice of paywall for mods (instead of encouraging donations that gives 100% profit to the modder, instead of 25%), I'm totally not recommending this. Not especially when "premium" mods causes incompatibility to other mods, and we have to pay again to get the "premium" version of such mods. Not especially when Workshop's items are NOT compatible with the leading mod managers out there. Not especially when they claim "increased awareness" to modders, when. in truth, the whole thing was to monetize the modding scene (75% of the profit goes to Steam/Devs?) Not recommended. Not. One. Bit.]It used to be a buggy unfinished game that could be modded into a brilliant engrossing game but then it took a paid mods to the knee Negative Valve-thousand/10]Buy this game, then you too can support the monitization and general ing up of the modding scene!]While this is one of the most entertaining games in the market, and currently makes huge sales even to this very day, part of it is due to its ability to be modded and the variety of the mods themselves. In its current state, while playable and fully functional, It pales in comparision with newer tittles. Part of the reason Skyrim sells so well is because of the modding community that constantly creates new content for the game. This content, atracts a wide variety of customers that, while not looking forward to play the game itself, buy the game because of the content they can download and play. Some of these customers do not have a very high income, and choose to only buy the game whenever its on sale, and can only afford moddifications instead of DLC. Restricting DLC not only gives the game itself a bad reputation, but takes away customers. Not only because of the low income some might possess, but also because some even have their own sense of morale that prevents them from buying Unofficial Fan Made DLC. People will download mods less and less as time goes by because of these reasons, and demand will eventually halt to a very slow number. Less people interested in paying, less effort from part of the developers. Why would developers stop making mods eventually? Simple. Developers, eager to make easy money, burn themselves by going agains most of the modding community, which has a sense of morale that prevents them from buying mods. Now that they earn even less recognition from their own community (Recognition in the modding community itself played a big part in the development of mods) , and no one demands mods because of the previously stated reasons, (Combined with the fact that Valve/Bethesda earn 75% of the revenue) will eventually get discouraged from creating new mods, and will move to greener more profitable pastures. (Getting a job at some developer company, or even Indie gaming) While "gaming backslash" might not be a big issue for current big profitable developer companies, it does indeed hurts small developers who are just starting to make a living. This has been proven already with several green light games that have failed to appeal to customers in some way or another, and end up "branding" the developer. Slowly but surely, this marks the beggining of the end for the modding community, and maybe modding for certain games altogether. DRM policies are soon to be expected, and we can safely predict that the modding "Market" will be managed in such a way, that few mods will be able to remain either free, or on sale, thus decreasing demand. (Less variety, less options for the customer, less options, fewer interest from part of the Customer) Again, part of why this game is played, is because of its wide variety of Unofficial Free Fan Made DLC. By restricting this, and allowing Content Creators to charge as they see fit, without any way of quality control, and giving them a very low incentive in the way of 25%, practically screams commercial failure. While not against the idea of letting Developers (Both Official and Unofficial) collect money from Fan Made DLC, it is currently being done in such a way, that pretty much will end "Skyrim modding as we currently see it".]Paid mod-shop? Haha... Oh, they're not joking....]Paid Mods.  off.]I am fine with paid mods, but this system is unacceptable. It looks like something my nephew put together.]Not really a proper review. The game itself is good, but after the paid mods debacle I can't help but to discourage people from purchasing products from a company who indulges in said marketting strategies.]Game is 4 years old and only now bethesda and valve are trying to milk other peoples work for more money. 75% cut, rofl.]Decent game but it relies heavily on player made mods to give it the personalized flavor needed to truly enjoy it. So if you like paying Valve for things that used to be free and essential to make the game fun then this is a game for you.]Gee, I hope they never do anything dumb like  up the mod system.]paywall for mod support. mods used to make this game great, but setting them behind a paywall is setting pc gaming up for a disaster. will future games have this? I sure hope not, Valve and Bethesda shot themselves in the foot with this one]0/10: The origin of paid mods. The game that destroyed PC gaming's best feature. (FREEDOM.) It literally destroys what modding is. (raw and free creation, within the hobby) Now it's a PRODUCT, bound to business rules and ratings. It's like console DLC, but off-brand. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../................ .............//'...'/`............ ........../'/.../..../......./\........ ........('(.......... ~/'...')........ .........\.................'...../.......... ..........''...\.......... _........... ............\..............( ..............\.............]Skyrim with mods 9/10 Skyrim without mods 5/10 Skyrim without mods is mediocre game at best. With mods this game is amazing, but now that they are starting to charge for some of them i will not take them into account when giving the rating. Skyrim 25.4.2015 ruined by the greed of valve and bethesda. 5/10]I can no longer recomend this. Bethesda Softworks and lord GAben have sorn to close to the sun and their wings have melted. Paid mods are the greediest thing I'm surprised EA hasn't done yet. Do not support this game. They have fallen.]After enjoying/modding Elder Scrolls Since Morrowind. Will avoid any game with paid mods in the future]booo paid mods]The game is great. The paid mod situation is not.]Considering what has happened the last couple of days, it is self evident why this game is not recomended]Two words. Mod paywall.]paid mods. To very negative we go]Love the game more then I can explain. Paying for mods? Nope]Unbelivebably Bugged and Unfinished game. Modders finished it for years of working. And... they want to make profit by taxes it. What a pro-stitute.]Skyrim with mods 9/10 Skyrim without mods 5/10 Skyrim without mods is mediocre game at best. With mods this game is amazing, but now that they are starting to charge for some of them i will not take them into account when giving the rating. Skyrim 25.4.2015 ruined by the greed of valve and bethesda. 5/10]I can no longer recomend this. Bethesda Softworks and lord GAben have sorn to close to the sun and their wings have melted. Paid mods are the greediest thing I'm surprised EA hasn't done yet. Do not support this game. They have fallen.]After enjoying/modding Elder Scrolls Since Morrowind. Will avoid any game with paid mods in the future]booo paid mods]The game is great. The paid mod situation is not.]Considering what has happened the last couple of days, it is self evident why this game is not recomended]Two words. Mod paywall.]paid mods. To very negative we go]Love the game more then I can explain. Paying for mods? Nope]Trying to make the customers make them their dlc now]11/10 with free mods 0/10 with payed mods]Thank you for fracturing the modding community. I hope losing all of the trust you built up was worth it.]Charging for mods. Not okay.]Bethesda won't get another dollar from me for a long time. Paywalling mods is absolute nonsense, like something we'd see in an April Fools joke. I'm absolutely disappointed in Bethesda, Valve, and Gabe. I expected better.]For the record I loved this game on console and completed it several times. As a left hander this game is a no no. You simply can't reassign the keys on the numpad as they are reserved. There is an addon which allows you to reassign them to movement ones but this shouldn't be necessary. There should be NO hard coded keys in ANY game in this day and age. Also paid mods? Forget it, lazy way of sucking money from the hard working modding community under the guise of giving them something back for their hard work. Yeah? Of course! That's why they get most of the money isn't it? Oh wait they don't you do hmm... leeches.]Loved this game, holding Mods hostage is not the way 0/10 would not bang (again)]game is really good and the DLC is also good. the modding community is the bread and butter of the game. it makes it much better than the standard.]I don't play this game anymore but it was not good to write about. Decided to rate it now after seeing the mods debacle. There are better games out there. Don't waste your money with this one.]This game is still relevant and big solely because of the modding community and now they have decided to charge money for mods? ridiculous.]I love mods. I love Skyrim. But when you make me pay for mods I stop loving them.]10/10 for the games 0/10 for paid mods]Spent a looooong time playing this game. I credit 95% of that time to the amazing mods that great people created. I wouldn't have paid a penny for it had mods not have been free. Now they're bringing in forced payment and only crediting 25% of the money to the modder?! It's an insult if you ask me. The reason that makes PC gaming so great is slowly slipping away. I hope Valve seriously consider the feedback people are giving before things get too out of hand.]Good game, too bad there is now a paywall to enjoy it completely. Bethedsa/Valve, let the modders have a donate button up, and don't take 75% of the cut. ing joke.]Skyrim is a fantastic game but I wouldn't recommend buying it until valve realizes and admits they ed up. I used to be a huge fan of valve, but their actions in the past year or two make me despise them. The only way people can support modders without having a negative impact on the modding community is donating, not buying.]payd mods, nothing more to say. you all know the cons are overhelming.]This is the best game ever, too bad there is now a paywall behind mods.]If you like to pay for patches and game improvements, that's fine. But Volvo/Bethesda monetizing mods that improves upon their  UI and broken scripts is just ing sad. 0/10 All just a shekels grab.]Pay for mods? No, ty]Morrowind is still way better.]Take a stand against the practice of monetization of mods. Not purchasing this game is one of those ways, as much as it pains me to say that, since how much joy this game has given me.]Muh Mod Sovereignty.]Solid game, but with the addition of paid mods? I cannot safely say the game will have a positive impact on the community for much longer. If said paid mods were a new location or expansive questline? It'd be worth it. But instead we have clipping armor and lore unfriendly swords that you can download elsewhere.]They took our mods!]Fix the workshop. Add a donation box.]-vast and kind empty world -copy paste dungeons -good soundtrack -bad story -you don't matter to this world, nothing that you do has a real effect on the story or world -gameplay feels empty -hunt the mark on the map: the game -tons of bugs -awful animations -way too easy -mods can make it fun...well not anymore update: valve removed the easy mon...paid mods thing, i will keep the message below as a reminder of what may still happen in future. why valve and bethesda? why do you want to destroy the mod community? why must everything be ruined because of money and greed? i would gladly support modders, but not like this, not with this shameless scam. to all of you that agree with such practices, thank you for day one DLCs, thank you for Season Passes devoid of content, thank you for allowing bad practices to thrive and destroy gaming. you buy all that, you gave the ok.]UJsed to like this game, but suddenly something changed.]Without mods, Skyrim is only a basic action RPG. And I'm not shelling out more money for paid DLC on a four year old game. Go  yourself Valve.]PAID MODS!!.... which one of you corrupt  thought of this idea? isn't your wallet getting fat enough from all those dlc's you bring out?]I do hope we won't have to pay for the mod that's necessary to fix all the bugs and issues present in the game.]You know how people recommend this game for the wealth of mods developed for it? Well, now you can buy those too :)]I hated this overrated, quantity over quality, PoS game before valve stuck their willy in the one thing this plate full of donkey turds had going for it. 75% for what, valve? What exactly did you do to justify taking 3/4ths of the pie? disgusting greed/10]Please remove paid mods]this paywall makes me want to kill my family]Skyrim without mods is a pretty  game... and Valve is doing everything to destroy modding. Good job Valve.]Bethesda and Valve are trying to charge players for mods, so I am changing my review.]The Fall of Skyrim.]PAID. MODS.  you, Bethesda and Valve.]Way to destroy the awesome modding community for a quick cash out, Valve and Bethesda. Hopefully it will bite you in the . That said, pretty average game 8/10]Paid Mods. Don't support Bethesda and Valve for this. It COULD be good, if they: - made a price cap on mods (1-2 dollars) - only allowed approved submitters - gave the modder 90% and each of them just 5% - Didn't put a $100 needed until payout - Had community votes for mods - Didn't try to delete bad comments on paid mods, which MAKES EVERYTHING ABOVE NULL AND RUINS MY IDEA OF STEAM AND BETHESDA BEING GOOD - go to Greenmangaming for good games if you don't want to support valve and bethesda in this stupid- decision]Vanilla 8/10 Modded 10/10 New paywall for mods? 0/10 Do not buy until fixed.]Vanilla 8/10 Modded 10/10 New paywall for mods? 0/10 Do not buy until fixed.]While skyrim is a fantastic game, I can no longer recommend it due to the paid-mod debacle.]Skyrim is amazing. Paid mods are disgraceful.]i'm hopping on the "omg why are they making us pay for free mods" train.]I do hope we won't have to pay for the mod that's necessary to fix all the bugs and issues present in the game.]Game was great. Them Steam gave us their solution to make it even better. Too bad their opinion sucks]Im just here for the anti-establishment bandwagon down with the man]It's honestly just not that great anymore.]Game was great. Them Steam gave us their solution to make it even better. Too bad their opinion sucks]For a game I didn't really enjoy in the first place, I now hate because of paid mods. GG Valve.]Pretty much your generic fantasy game devoid of any interesting combat mechanics, skill system and quest line. The graphics are nice, though.]This game contains paid Mod, or aka third party DLC. One of the biggest reason to purchase game is now gone. Now you are expected to pay $1 for a sword, $7 for magic, $4 for armor... etc. etc.]The base game is very plain, you will need to spend hundreds of dollars to get it to a playable state.]Paywall for mods, no thanks. Good game but I don't support this.]Great game. But now that steam thinks it is okay to start charging for mods I will not be buying from steam until it stops. mods should be free. If i can find a free version of the mod i want i shouldn't have any problems. I dont even mind being charged for mods but i do when it's with steam. This is going to ruin steam and PC gaming is just getting to the heights it should be. Free mods is one of the big reasons that pc games are where they are today. you are only going to hurt yourself and your new fans steam.]I do not support paid mods. Enough said. Valve has lost a lot of my respect with this decision.]Paid mods. #topkek2015 Valve you already do more money then what you should with all the games and badges, CS:GO keys and TF2 crap. If anything give us players an option to donate to whoever creates these mods. Much like the people on twitch and other websites for modding. My 50 cents for paying modz]this game went from having a great DLC policy of selling fully fleshed out content packs to having the worst dlc policy of a huge store of small DLC packs trying to nickel and dime you for every red cent you have like some sort of black market bazaar of cheap knockoffs and broken products. For some reason Bethesda decided to hand the game over to 3rd party DLC vendors and now it's just flooded with crap. This game is now the biggest DLCfest on steam. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.]Good RPG but the new P2W feature that lets you destroy modding communities for real money seems poorly thought out.]I am changing my review to reflect the recent changed of monetizing mods. Mods are meant to be created without money in mind for the sole purpose of community enjoyment and collaboration.]Paids mods. Dont give money]I do not like where this is paid mods thing is going]Paid mods are disgusting. Switch to a donte or Patreon-esque model.]paid mods GG steam.]Bethesda and Valve have finally shown their true colors by introducing paid mods. They have effectivly split the once whole modding community into several parts in the span of a couple days, and for what? A few extra pennies? I find that Bethesda really doesn't know their audience when they alienated half of it by trying to make a quick buck. Either way, my view of the relativly meh game called Skyrim has dropped now that the main focus of it has been monetized.]Game is ok but I still wasn't able to really get into it like I remember getting into Morrowind (we can forget Oblivion). The visuals are pretty good but the game mechanics are clunky. The modding community is obviously a key feature of this game and there are some amazing things out there. However, you must not buy this game on Steam since it would encourage the new practice of paying for mods. This goes against the whole modding ethos and is something which should be strongly discouraged. Do not buy this game (here).]Pay for mods...]Poor move Steam, poor move]Pros: great base game for the huge modding scene Cons: "That'll be $50 for your reskin sir." "Buy this mod that adds a chest of armor in Whiterun for only $5" "I used to do everything for free, but now I'm mad that I wasn't receiving monetary compensation"]So, this is a very good game...BUT. Valve are now selling mods which used to be free. If you disagree like me and my friends do. Join this group: http://steamcommunity.com/groups/skyfreemod]>2015 >paying for fan content]Paid mods? Hell. No.]Today was a sad day. Today we celebrate the day the Master Race moved a step closer to being a peasant. Seriously though. Modding is a sacred thing for the PC community. And it just got castrated for a bunch of greedy peices of sh....]Well done Bethsoft + Valve. YOU ED IT UP!]Paid mods...it almost feels like an EA game full of microtransactions now. smh]I did not play this game much due to modding I did do a lot of modding Skyrim is mod, Skyrim is life. Gaben is love, Gaben is life Now: Zenimax are greedy, Bethesda are s. Gaben is "MOD", Gaben controls! Why you take duh modding from me?]Skyrim is an interactive game where you play the whole game and then instead of installing mods like an evolved human you pay a fat guy money to intall someone elses work and then that person gets a  cut.]Too bad Valve cordoned off the unique PC Skyrim experience by hiding mods behind a PAYWALL. It's a shame because this is actually a good game. Don't support Steam or Valve by buying the game off Green Man Gaming or another site and downloading mods from Skyrim Nexus.]The future of making modders complete your game for you while your company makes a majority of the money is now!]I tried to kill alduin but game crashed, bought mod to fix this but game still crash bye bye 10euro(mod-cost).]Pay me $5 and I'll mod my review to positive.]Used to love this game. Had mods. Bethesda decided to make me pay for updates to many mods I already had, 4 years after buying the game. There's no point in buying this game now. You can't 'try' different mods anymore. What a shame.]in response to adding pay for mods copied from reddit user /u/Martel732 It is changing a system that has been working fine. Modders aren't an oppressed class working without benefit. Modders choose to work on mods for many reasons: fun, practice, boredom, the joy of creating something. And gamers appreciate their contributions. While, some gamers may feel entitled most understand that if a modder is unable to continue the mod may be abandoned. Donations may or may not help but they are an option. This system has for years made PC gaming what it is. Modding in my opinion is the primary benefit of PC gaming over console. Changing a functional system is dangerous and could have unintended consequences. Now that people are paying for mods they will feel entitled for these mods to continue working. If a free mod breaks and isn't supported that is fine because there is no obligation for it to continue working. If someone pays though they will expect the mod to be updated and continue working as the base game is updated. Furthermore, abandoned but popular mods are often revived by other people; if these mods are paid then the original creator may not want people to profit off of updated versions of their mod. Related to the above paid mods may reduce cooperative modding. Many mods will borrow elements from other mods; usually with permission. Having paid mods will complicate things. Someone who makes a paid mod will be unlikely to share his/her work with others. What if someone freely share's his/her mod and someone incorporates it into a paid mod? Does the first mod's owner deserve compensation, does the second modder deserve the full revenue. This makes modding more politically complicated and may reduce cooperation. This may reduce mods based off of copyrighted works. There is a very good chance that any paid mod based off of a copyrighted work will be shutdown. Modders could still release free mods of this nature but it complicates the issue. Many mods based on copyrighted materials borrow (usually with permission) from other mods to add improvements. If these other mods are paid then the original creators likely won't let them use it. Additional many modders may now ignore copyrighted mods in order to make mods that they may profit on. Steam/the developer are taking an unfairly large portion of the profit. Steam and the Developers are offering nothing new to the situation. Steam is already hosting the mods and the developer already made the game. They now wish to take 75% of all profit from the mod. If the market gets flooded by low-quality paid mods, the modders will likely make very little and the quality of the game will not be increased. However, Steam and the Developers will make money off of no work on there part.]Game quality has significantly suffered since the introduction of the paid modding system. Up until that point, it's been an exceptional game. But with so many mod devs with little to no quality control, my faith in Bethesda has significantly suffered.]Can no longer recommend a game that is planning on making people pay for BUGFIXES.]This "paid mods" thing is a disgraceful attempt to wring more profits from the community. If you guys wanted to actually make functional expansion packs with QA, support, and a decent amount of content you go for it. Hire modders as employees, take responsibility for any technical screw ups, and have a blast. But selling unsupported, unevaluated mod content? No. Just no.]Vanilla Skyrim: 8.5/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10]I'm writing this due to the paid mods. I played Skyrim for the first time years ago when it came out, enjoyed it for what it was, and then played it with mods and enjoyed it more. Now mods are being charged on the workshop, and mods are what keep games like this going for years and years. Do not buy this game, do not buy mods, and do not support Bethesda or Valve.]Was fun with mods but now thats gone thanks to money hungry hippos. Hungry Hungry Hippos]Bethesda should be ashamed of themselves for putting community mods behind a paywall.]Supports paid mods, I can't endorse this game.]Love the modded version with the good will of the community,pity Steam and Bethseda want to kill all that work,by letting people steal and cheat and commit basic fraud,surely a DMCA take down also dictates legal action against Steam ? Come on Gabe your company was built on the back of modders why destroy all that work or is just the money you want,if you do not kill this stupid and thoughtless venture then it's the latter and modding will die as this will effect every other game as basically back door DLC. ;]Valve and Bethesda have now showed their true colors.]Early access mods inc.]I bought this game but now I can't afford to mod all the bugs :(]A excellent game ruined by greed on behalf of Valve and Bethesda Post success edit: we may have won but it would be wise to remember this war is not yet over]It used to be a good game - but everything is geared towards steam making money of it now. Dlcs, Paid mods... Stay way from their cash trap So they have removed the mod shop.. So far so good, i am not conviced they are done messing with our mods tho]Valve's new paid "mods" is yet another excuse for more money. For those who didnt know, valve gets 75% of the profits from each "mod" purchase. I say "mods" because its more like paid DLC now. Just go to nexusmods.com]I would not get the replay value for this game without the user made content that was added to it by the fans and modding community. Bethesda and Valve have absolutely no right to try and monetise the work of others for their own gain.]U U ING CUUUUUUUUUNTS U FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKERS, GO TO HELL IF YOU DONT WANT PAYD MODS SPREAD THIS HASHTAG: #NOPAIDMODS SPREAD IT EVERYWERE, SPREAD IT EVEEEEEEEERYYYYYYYYYYWWWWWWEEEEEEEEERRRRRRREEE. seriusly tho, put that crap on , twitter, facebook, reviews, steam forums, DO WHAT U HAVE TO DO, DONT LET THIS GEM BE TAKEN FROM US!!!]You want to charge me for, content you didn't make, that up until now had been completely free?  you buddy.]this game has now paid steam mods........not buying 50 mods to fix all the broken c...p in this horse  buggy game]Now that you have to pay for the mods, why bother.... I'm gonna get a store copy and downloads some mods elsewhere.]-Paying for mods controversy. -Valve and Bethesda being greedy s. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGp9P6QvMjY]Game is buggy and crappy without mods. 0/10.]Implementing paid mods will splinter the modding community and as a whole make modding much worse. There has to be better ways to go about helping out mod makers than having something like poor quality DLC up for sale.]"Money is how the community steers work", Gabe Newell, 25/04/2015]No  the paid for mods deal!  you Valve]DLC is bad. DLC where the developer is unaffiliated with the publisher and only recieves 25% of the proceedings is worse. DLC where the developer is unaffiliated with the publisher and only recieves 25% of the proceedings and has zero quality or compatibility control is horrendous. GabeN is a false prophet, who seeks to lead the PC gaming flock astray. Do not buy. Vote with your wallets, people.]Bethesda had to "green light" paid mods for their game. The donation system was fine and allowed me to reward quality mod work. I'm sure Valve and Bethesda will get a cut of these fees, so at it's core, this is just another money grab. I won't be participating! https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop?just_created=true]hahaha paying for mods. this is a new low. what's next, paying for graphic options? I pity the modders who actually charge for their mods. the only thing that made this game playable is now going to be divided by pay2mod nerds and actual modders. All they had to do, was add a donation option. But that would mean no profit for Valve/the Developer so now we get this stupid scheme if you charge for your mod, please kill yourself]Sorry Bethesda, but you're not my cup of tea anymore. Buy The Witcher 3 instead. It's loads better. Probably.]This would have been a positive review, but sadly, Bethesda and Valve along with certain modders have done everything in their power to fracture the modding community. Quite frankly, modding is the only reason why I bought Skyrim on PC over a console. If modding declines, the game loses a lot of the value it had for me.]Mods are made by fan who effing love the game and wants to make it better. That is what mods is. Its not a effing cash grabbing cow that you can monetize so that steam and beth can earn more money out of a great community. Now the tarded steam and money loving prick at beth are poisoning the modding sphere with money. We are paying for the game, paying for the DLC now we have to pay for the mods. middle finger steam. You are being like iOS appstore with all this crap in app purchase like feature. IF you want to help the mods. the 100% of the profit should go to modders none to steam or beth. OR PUT A DONATE BUTTON TO MODDERS.]Paying for mods? NO. https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop]I don't usually bother with reviews but things have gone beyond the pail now. The game itself is good not quite as good as Oblivion but opinions are opinions. With the right mods the game can be truly outstanding.... and there's the rub Valve's new charge for mods policy is beyond a joke. Taking the Lion's share of the money does not support the mods it makes them do all the hardwork and then they get paid for doing nothing. Do not buy this game, do not buy the mods, the mods that deserve true support can be downloaded for free, tested fully and if they are truly worth it you will no doubt find means to provide donations in the mods read me and more improtantly you WILL be supporting the mod developer because they will get 100% of the money and not some tiny back hand percentage after the multi million pound corporations have taken their massive share.]Paying for mods is not okay. Free mods are why games like this are so popular.]I have over 400 hours on Skyrim due to free mods. I won't be playing Skyrim anymore and this will be the end of Skyrim's life for me. Good luck Bethesda, I hope it was worth it.]No to paid mods. Remember this game was near perfect with 'FREE' mods, not 'PAID'.]The game is mediocre, the only reason anyone was still playing was because of mods. Bethesda left the game a bland and buggy mess that moders fixed, now Bethesda want money to let modders fix it.]I recommend the game. I recommend the mods. I do not recommend paying for mods. Mods are children of people with passion. If i want to add something that in my opinion deserves to be in the game then i do so. I do not wait for praise, money, fame nor comments on how awesome my mod is. My reward is the small counter in the corner saying me how much people had fun with it. You want to bpay me for my mod? Fine. I won't turn money down. But I will not force you to buy. If this is Bethedas idea of how to hype the community in the wake of the next TES then I sure hope they won't be surprised that the next TES will earn another award: The most pirated game in history.]Paid mods are against the community spirit. shame on Valve/Bethesda for attempting to split a once great community for personal gain]Skyrim itself is a GREAT game. I considered it one of my favorites. Not anymore for Steam and Valve are now imploying PAID MODs NOW. I think this is a Wrong. Their methods are wrong. I would not recommend this game for the paid mods exception. They need to reconsider. DO NOY BUY THIS GAME CAUSE OF PAID MODS!!!!!!]How much of an absolute madman would you have to be to buy a game that needs mods to be good when the mods themselves are also hidden behind paywalls?]The game itself is amazing, played it for many more hours over on my xbox. It is a wonderful game with so many things to do, but do not buy it until Valve and Bethesda remove the Mod paywall they have created.]Valve and Bethesda has killed this game and made it even more un ing likable than the base game was. Congrats.]A game made playable by mod support, now pushing paid mods where the modders make a fraction of profits on sold mods. The rest going to Bethesda and Valve. Don't support crap developers and publishers.]AHAHAHA paying mods so your can profit. Good job valve you just hurt yourself the internet is coming for you]dont support paid mods where creators dont get most of the money]Changing my review to negative until the workshop has been sorted out.]Skyrim was one of the best games out there solely thanks to the modding community. Bethesda and Valve's greed have tarnished a game that was without a doubt considered to be a modern classic. Shame on you. 25% to modders is laughable and you don't even offer to curate or support these mods you want to sell. Greed is great it's true but that's why you get a negative review.]Was great with mods, now Bethseda has robbed us all of everything we once held dear... Bethseda can keep their future games and modders can keep their content. I have a real life and I'll just keep living it instead of buying future products. Go find your fun with a different game. Bethseda doesn't deserve your money!]This game supports paid modding. I don't.]This game went to  because of paid mod DLC]I bought this game for the mods. Not to drain my bank account. Screw paid mods.]Valve and Bethesda has killed this game and made it even more un ing likable than the base game was. Congrats.]A game made playable by mod support, now pushing paid mods where the modders make a fraction of profits on sold mods. The rest going to Bethesda and Valve. Don't support crap developers and publishers.]AHAHAHA paying mods so your can profit. Good job valve you just hurt yourself the internet is coming for you]dont support paid mods where creators dont get most of the money]Changing my review to negative until the workshop has been sorted out.]Skyrim was one of the best games out there solely thanks to the modding community. Bethesda and Valve's greed have tarnished a game that was without a doubt considered to be a modern classic. Shame on you. 25% to modders is laughable and you don't even offer to curate or support these mods you want to sell. Greed is great it's true but that's why you get a negative review.]Was great with mods, now Bethseda has robbed us all of everything we once held dear... Bethseda can keep their future games and modders can keep their content. I have a real life and I'll just keep living it instead of buying future products. Go find your fun with a different game. Bethseda doesn't deserve your money!]This game supports paid modding. I don't.]Well... We have won, but at what price?]Even though paid mods are no longer a thing, it just goes to show what the company people think can do no wrong will actually try to get away with. If you payed for Oblivion and still buy this, it's your own fault. 11/10 GOTYAY I can't get a refund.]"Let me guess, did someone make you pay for your mods?" EX-Skyrim player guarding GMOD hoping that the Valve doesn't attack.]I'm sorry Elderscrolls online was such a failure for you Zenimax]Paid mods!!!!! nah  off just pirate this game now and any paid mods.]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits. Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly. -not my words, but I stand by them.]Don't like what valve have done, make the mod thing optional please.]A shoddy port of a console game. Mods are it's only redeeming feature and thanks to Valve's mercenary ethics they're soon to be behind a pay wall.]I was there when steam first releases and everybody was scared of the way you do not own games anymore. now valve shows their real face.]Pay for mods so fun it gave me anal cancer]-Paying for mods controversy. -Valve and Bethesda being greedy s. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGp9P6QvMjY]Game is buggy and crappy without mods. 0/10.]Implementing paid mods will splinter the modding community and as a whole make modding much worse. There has to be better ways to go about helping out mod makers than having something like poor quality DLC up for sale.]"Money is how the community steers work", Gabe Newell, 25/04/2015]No  the paid for mods deal!  you Valve]DLC is bad. DLC where the developer is unaffiliated with the publisher and only recieves 25% of the proceedings is worse. DLC where the developer is unaffiliated with the publisher and only recieves 25% of the proceedings and has zero quality or compatibility control is horrendous. GabeN is a false prophet, who seeks to lead the PC gaming flock astray. Do not buy. Vote with your wallets, people.]It isn't about the fact we now have to pay for mods, its about the 25% they will be getting above $100. It isn't about making something that was free cost money; its about the lack of quality control, the legal ramifications, and the fact companies will no longer have to fix their games, they will be able to release patches at a cost to the consumer.]Pay4Mods No thank you, Bethesda and Valve. Paid mods has been removed, but I will leave the review negative as a mark. I don't support Bethesda anymore anyways, and Steam has been real  recently, so we'll see where this goes. Stand by for Paid Mods 2.0]Numerous bugs plague the game as physics engine going haywire on 60+ FPS. Nevertheless, Bethesda is refusing to fix it itself and instead rely heavily on unofficial patches and mods. But despite that fact it, alongside with Valve, attempted to introduce an outrageous paid mods concept which for them essentially would be nothing more than a DLC they never created but for some reason decided to get paid for it anyway. The game is a great free roaming RPG. A lot of dungeons to explore and adversaries to defeat. However, it is only truly playable tweaked and with mods installed.]Great game but the paid mods are bs...]Well... We have won, but at what price?]Even though paid mods are no longer a thing, it just goes to show what the company people think can do no wrong will actually try to get away with. If you payed for Oblivion and still buy this, it's your own fault. 11/10 GOTYAY I can't get a refund.]Paid for mods. The new disease of gaming. Bye bye EA, hello Valve! The new king of controversy!]You now pay for the mods. Valve is worse than EA now.]Gotta pay for mods so I do not recommend it]I can no longer recommend this game because Bethesda and Valve have decided that mod integration should be blocked behind a monetary wall. Update 1: It seems they reversed their decision, but my optimisim is still cautious.]An amazing game, of course. I actually found the prospect of paying for mods interesting. Particularly to support developers. Upon hearing, however, that mods had to be pay to play, and the developers only get 25% of the profit, I was very upset, and I hope they make some changes to the policy.]Lol, one of the Best fantasy worlds set in the Medieval scenery- RPG gameplay is Awesome, too- mixed with Action (although, I would either prefer the fully- turn Based RPG, like in Fallout 3, or Action game, with combos and other variations). But- the Graphics- 10/10 Story - 10/10 (for Humour, I'd Say - 11/10 =P ) The feel of being powerful- 8.5/10 at the moment Would i recommend it? Hell, no- since my 1st of April joke is also late, when Valve doesnt realise its not april fools, and yet release the system that "makes you pay for mods" (Translating from "allows you To support Modders") Thanks, Bethesda, you game is great. You are Drunk. Go home =-)]Paid mods? Jeez it sounds like every developers wetdream. Your telling me i can have some  in his basement work for free to make a mod and then i can take a 75% cut of his work? your telling me this fat loser will bugfix my game for me and i GET PAID! No i will never ever support this. If this gets fully implemented i will never purchase a steam game again. A tip jar that the developer and valve take like a 10 to 20% cut from? fine. That encourages modding and it encourages developers to make mod support. 75% cut and a paywall?  you Not to mention all the mod thiefs and potential problems. oh your mod uses the script extendor? What then? Don't update your mod? are the poeple who paid for your product  out of luck now? This is a bad idea and it only benifits valve and greedy companies. Do not buy skyrimjobs Do not buy  paid mods]Money grabbing devs, would not recomend]I played this game for about a month when I first got it, then I stopped for a while after wining it. Then Steam released the Steamworkshop for this game and I downloaded a ton of mods that kept me playing on and off for over 3 years. Never in those 3 years would I have considered not recommending this game until a few days ago when Valve and Bethesda decided to jump in bed together and announced PAID mods. This opened the floodgates to a host of egregious behavior including using assets from FREE mods from Steamworkshop and other sites (Nexusmods) and using them in PAID mods in the Steamworkshop (a fishing PAID mod that used idle animations from Fore's idle animations FREE mod), low quality PAID mods ( $5 for 250,000 septims, which you can get by just running a console command ), ethical concerns (Steam gets 30% of every mod sold and Bethesda gets a whopping 45%, leaving only 25% for the modder that he/she can only redeem if he/she generates a certain amount of money from sales), moral ramifications (a Valve lawyer actually said that it doesn't matter if your FREE or PAID mod depends on other FREE or PAID mods) and even legal ramifications (people making money using assets from FREE mods in their PAID mods, or even assets from PAID mods in their FREE mods). There's nothing more to say about this, and anyone who cares for the modders and says that they deserve money are really proving that Valve only cares 25% for modders, 45% for Bethesda and 100% for themselves by allowing all of this to happen amid a torrent of hateful backlash and other logical alternative from the community (A "Donate" button is too much since Valve won't get any money from that).]A donation button would have been a much smarter move.]Paid mods? well if it's really good ofc, but only after "testing" it. I don't wanna pay 10$ for mod because it got encouraging art, and in real it's money grabbing . Where are my 10$ after? 75% steam tax.. it's usury, and usury is against the law]While this game is amazing I would recommend not buying because Valve and Bethesda implemented paid mods for this game.]-Bad voice acting -Meaningless choices -Stiff animations -Boring combat Oh, and paid mods.]Like practically all Bethesda games, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim usually is a rather bland experience unless you pack a plethora of mods onto it that fix potentially gamebreaking bugs, add new mechanics or bring back those whom Bethesda couldn't be arsed to continue, import custom art assets, sounds, music, or create entirely new experiences with new quests or sometimes even entire continents. It is no secret that the fantastic success of TES games from Morrowind onward came and comes from its vibrant modding community. For almost ten years by now, modders have transformed their enthusiasm for TES games into (usually) well-crafted mods that greatly enhanced the experience of the base game. And these mods were free - they were a community thing, something which people produced because they liked the game but thought they could make it just a tad better by adding this or tweaking that. And again, they usually were right with that. Then some particularly bright heads over at Valve and Zenimax added the option to demand a price for fan mods. Even if you overlook the fact that the modder only gets 25% of the revenue his or her mods generate, this change will mean that many mods will no longer be created because the modder liked the game, but because s/he is in for a quick buck. What does that mean? 1. Essential tech mods that are required to run other (free) mods may go commercial. SkyUI, an interface mod many free mods rely on has already removed its own free version, breaking hundreds of other mods. 2. The same holds true for bugfix mods. Want to play the game without bugs? Better pay twice, once for the game itself, and once to get it to run without problems. 3. Art assets from free mods -WILL- be stolen and used in commercial mods, most likely without the consent of the original author. Valve can not possible hope to effectively regulate this, and even the original creators can not sift through dozens of different mods to see whether they are using assets created by them. 4. Developers may start to intentionally leave interesting mechanics out of the game, knowng the modding community will add them sooner or later - and that they can use this to cash in on the players twice. And that's just some of the problems paid mods will bring about. As far as Valve or Zenimax do not remove the option to create paid mods for this game, I can not and will not recommend buying it. TES Games rise and fall with the modding community, and the powers are trying to cash in on it.]I have sunk quite the fantastic amount of time in this game, most of it outside the realms of what Steam can log. I have in fact beaten it, and since then played around with hundreds of different mods. The base game fits the analogy of a lake of  quite well: A vast world full of mostly nothing, featuring what feel like dated graphics and a fighting system that varies from broken (sneaky archery bonus stacks? completely broken pathfinding?! my favorite) to very broken (killing the final boss with 4 shots and giants ignoring physics? Sure). All in all, once the game was layed out before me, it was plain to see that it had many, many flaws and not a huge lot going for it. But then I found the modding scene. And by Thor all mighty, it was glorious. Ranging from the essential to the nonsensical, passing by the immoral and the insane, it was quite simply a whole different level. Graphical mods that made the triple A market blush, gameplay mods that created actual ing battles and not glorified pub brawls, as well as expanded all systems far beyond their initial capabilities, entire new quest lines complete with voice acting and new items / resources - the game simply had no limit. It was so insanely good that I actually dabbled in mod creation, successfully accomplishing a few scripts of my own even with no initial knowledge on the matter. And now Bethesda and Steam have the gal of showing up and trying to monetize mods. Mind you, I am not against the concept of monetizing mods - however, the way Steam and Bethesda are going about it is borderline criminal. Firstly, they take most of the profits, leaving the modder with only 25% of the revenue. Since these are profits and not donations, the modder should be legally obligated to declare this source of revenue, lest s/he may incur a fine, which means an additional 24% (depending on the modder's country) will be taken away by taxes. That means that a modder will make about 18 cents off of each dollar they sell. That's insanely low. Secondly, not all mods should be monetized. This is a simple fact. You can't sell a script that sells a fixed amount of in-game gold. You can't sell a script that adds genitalia to horses. You can't sell a script that retextures a few pixels worth of an item's model. Can you trust that Steam will moderate this? Of course not. Steam can't even moderate the quality of the games it sells, let's not even start pretending that it'll moderate the quality of the mods to any extent beyond what they're legally bound to. Thirdly, mod monetization should be based on donations or post-facto experiences. How do I know your mod works the way you say it does, on the latest patch of skyrim, and isn't incompatible with the other mods I'm running and doesn't render the game unplayble because my laptop is a glorified potato? I don't. Fact is, when buying mods, there's no way of telling whether you're buying a complete piece of garbage that is lying to you or if you're buying an amazing epic adventure that lasts 8 hours and is completely fresh and worth the money. I could keep going, but it's not hard to see all the innumerable flaws with this system. Ultimately this will just create complete and utter chaos in the modding scene, as vague rule sets allow people to use other people's mods as a base for their own, and as people try to steal other people's works to put it up for sale on the workshop. And since this has had a huge negative impact on the game, the community, and ultimately drastically reduced the amount of available mods by way of either putting up a paywall or having legitimate concerns from the authors on the nexus website that cause them to remove their works so they're not posted on Steam to be put up for sale, I am left with judging the base game as it is, with no additional content. And that game is a bit . So I guess that sums it up.]Skyrim is nothing compared to Oblivion or Morrowind.]Paid Mods is ridiculous.]S E L L O U T B O Y S Here's your complimentary negative review, FREE of charge! What a bargain!]paying for mods lol]Good job Valve, you turned a peaceful, happy community where everybody worked together, to one where it is about money. I hope you are happy!]Pay for free mods? Valve is EA Confirmed. Uninstall steam now, leave while you can. Valve is dead.]Paid mods will be the death of this game and every TES game afterwards. The games are half broken half finished messes before you add mods; asking us to pay to finish what you should have done in the first place is ridiculous.]Well, i loved the game for the mods. They really added a lot more content to the game making it a bang for the buck. Bethesda fixed that problem by giving you, the customer, the ability to pay for otherwise free content. Yea, no.]Play it for free this weekend only...but pay for user-created mods.]Until Steam changes this mod policy I'm going to have to give Skyrim a negative review.]The day I pay for a mod is the day I take a long walk off a short pier. So very few mods deserve any kind of payment option, and the ones that do I've donated directly to the authors.]Free mods is what made this game great. The vanilla game is bland. Can no longer recommend this game.]DRUG MONEY IS USED TO RIG ELECTIONS AND TRAIN BRUTAL CORPORATE SPONSORED DICTATORS AROUND THE WORLD!]you know why]I think obama democracy is making games paying to play played with payers played. - in short, boxers are not dlc, scholongs are.]Looks like I'll be staying at Nexus to get my free (and better) mods! Thanks Steam workshop for guiding the way. btw lol, no one is going to pay for a ing mod on steam when they can get them free still on Nexus.]"I LOVE PAYING FOR MODS!" -Said no one ever]IN REPSONSE TO PAID MODS   GETFREE!!   The Steam Community is about sharing your work. Have good ideas and help to improve each other. That makes us diffrent of the gaming companies. >>>> Post this every each paid mod you see in steam <<<< Because we don't wan't to let end up steam in a greedy for money- gaming platform. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\ https://steamcommunity.com/linkfilter/?url=https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop]Don't even bother.]This game sold me mods :(]Had alot of fun with this game.....but then i logged in to steam today to find they're charging for mods that used to be free.  that  i'll not be paying for stuff i can find free on the skyrim nexus. if they make the mods free again ill give it a thumbs up but until they stop being a set of greedy ers it's a big ol' thumbs down from me!]I would've recommended this game in the past, solely because it can be fun when modded heavily. However, with paywalls leading to a schism in the community, I can no longer recommend this game for purchase.]Don't support a developer that has no respect for the people who make their games great.]11/10 with rice 0/10 with paid mods]Pros: They revamped their combat system very well and it ended up being fairly satisfying. Half way decent main questline too, but not on Oblivions level. Cons: Vanilla Skyrim pales in comparison to Oblivion. Guild questlines in Skyrim were so short and boring I really had questioned whether I missed something. Was deeply let down. It is the modding scene that would make amends for Skyrim, yet this is now a con because of what Bethesda has attempted to do with Valve regarding mods. A simple donation system would have been appropriate, however I do not see this current system they are attempting to implement as a proper means to an end. This comes off as a lazy way for Bethesda and Valve to line their pockets, rather than the actual mod creators. I think this system will end up damaging PC gaming more than helping it, so I cannot approve of it. I do not approve of vanilla skyrim for anything over $10, ordinarily I'd recommend it for the mods however, but again, not anymore.]Charging for mods is despicable. Both Valve and Bethesda should be ashamed. Comewhatever may, I will not support you guys in future games, even if it is half life 3 or the next TES or even Fallout.]Valve has made history by finally attempting to destroy the single thing that has made PC gaming so great: mods. Mods have always been for only one thing: the player. Ever since PC gaming's existence. It was never for lining the greedy pockets of Valve, Bethesda, or the mod creator. Donations have always been accepted by mod creators, but Valve is purposely deleting donation links from mod pages now. Do not purchase this game if you have a single shred of integrity within your soul. You know you have done something wrong when FORBES MAGAZINE of all places, says what you are doing, is unethical. FORBES. MAGAZINE. Link: http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/ . To add a cherry on top of this  sundae, Valve generously allows you to get a refund - but the refund ONLY goes to your Steam Wallet, which means the money, no matter what, stays with Valve. You can not get it back. Do not buy this game until Valve stops this disgusting trend.]This pay for mods thing is a  you to steam users and has ruined everything new users thought steam stood for it's sad when you think about it.]I don't support games that have paid mods. Neither should you.]When are we getting cases and keys? 4.99 for a companion... I would no longer recomend this the thing that made this worth something was mods. Steam just roped in all the greedy mod makers and took them off the nexus. Wet and Cold Free: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/27563/? Arissa Free: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/53754/? ...This is worse then Horse Armor]as others said paid modes - evil]This game is 10/10 !!! no questions asked, Don't even dare to do it!!!!! but paying for the mods that maked this game more legendary and popelair is Heartbreaking for me!!! Are we really Slaves now in this Gaming World???]Paid mods would be reasonable if there were quality control and the modders got a reasonable percentage but this is ridiculous.]Steam Workshop, please don't ruin any more games I've enjoyed.]"Introducing new ways to suport workshop creators" what they really ment "Introducing new ways to steal workshop creators". With no respect valve, BY FAR, this is THE BIGGEST error you made. A mod is not a mod if it's not free. I think you can't imagine how much people bought skyrim on pc ONLY for the mods, like me , and hate you for this , like me. It will never be the same. I really hate you now, stupid VALVE. Now, there is this little thing that is starting to scare me. Another bull s**t fact about this, is that they'll probably make people used to pay for mods. I mean, now all games are going to put their mods for money because skyrim also did it and people with money, as in any case, they'll pay like .Please don't do like EA, be legit specially you valve that everyone respects you and buy your games. (by the way a great example of: "getting people used to something" is the hole game industry. hey dude get used to have to pay like 60 dollars for everything and games having their lack of content repaired by DLCs. the problem is: why putting my mod on nexus if may be paid in steam? I don't blame moders, it is better for them and it's really hard work sometimes. but if this keeps up in some years free mods would turn out to be special, just like gaming companies that still care for costumers and the art of making a good game that really worth it's prise. If anyone would want to help, then give the option to donate, and they will. I'll tell you what's the worst, if you would really want to help mod creators, you would give them all the money and be legit. But of curse why giving them their money if we can be a son of a b**ch and keep with most of it, and only giving them 25% of the money.]Paid Mods. That is all.]Modders have always worked on donation-based model, and that model has become more and more successful for them throughout the years, prompting some of the most amazing third-party work ever seen in video games. Commercializing mods through Steam will absolutely destroy the special relationship that modders and the community enjoy. Skyrim is a fantastic game, and part of what makes it so good is the culture of user modification that has grown around it. I believe, as do many others, that creating this "paywall" is the fastest way to destroy this culture. Please don't  our game, Valve. You're developers, and you work for money, so I understand where you're coming from. But that guy in his Wall-Street suit who strutted into your conference room and told you this was a good idea? He was wrong. And you know it. Take a stand, or we, the end users of your products, will.]Despite what my steam account says I've racked days into this game on one console or another and its a fantastic game (which four years in you all know that). Yet, with these new "pay for mods" the game has become a harbinger of a new and terrible trend of monetising everything that can be. Honestly we would have expected something like this from a big publish but Valve? If this is contiues then sooner or later somethings going to give in this industry and it'll collpase upon itself. I hate that I have to give this great game a thumbs down.]Paid Mods = No]The game was fantastic with mods. Unfortunately, Valve and Bethesda decided that you should now pay for the things that fix the game. Bethesda, you released a broken- terribly consolized game and you're now expecting people to pay for the mods that fix it? And not only that, but the creators- you know, the ones that're actually doing the work- only see 25% of the profit while Valve and Bethesda split the other 75%. So not only are you screwing the consumer, you're also screwing the modding backbone. Bethesda and Valve have singlehandedly destroyed the potential lifespan of this game, and I absolutely recommend that you DO NOT BUY THIS.]Modders only get 25% revenue from what they created $5 for a  sword from DOTA/10 $29.99 for an extra apple/1000 why was PC masterrace again?]This game support paid mods, I do not.]Not anymore...]"We're now supporting modders!" Oh, that's great. Good on you. "We're taking a 75% cut." What the actual .]I really feel bad about saying this but, for 4 years Ive been waiting to finally get this game on PC (for the mods) because I already owned the game on console, but I was very disappointed in what I went through. I installed a mod, and the launcher crashed... okay, so I got rid of it and installed a simple music mod, it crashed the launcher... I looked online and saw that this was a problem since 2012! specifically with the steam workshop! I read that there is a fix but from an outside source. I am going to get that and play skyrim the way I want. the way steam had failed me... This negative review is more towards Steam messing up then skyrim. The game itself was amazing and ran really smooth on my not so great laptop. I'm just upset that in order to use a feature that Valve/Steam advertise (they actually charge for some mods now) I have to find an outside source in order to experience created content.]Paying for Mods is okay but only giving 25% to the creators is ridiculous. I can't believe steam thought they could get away with this; what an insult.]Because of your pathetic 75% shares Valve keeps and giving modders a measly 25%, not to mention they can't get their paycheck if they can't reach $100. Some of them are forcing themselves to set up rediculous prices that doesn't reflect the content they've created, and some are installing ADS TO BUY MODS WHEN YOU BOUGHT A MOD. For this, Skyrim is not a recommendable game unless the shares are dropped lower than 75%. Unless this practice is adjusted to a fairer price, say goodbye to your sales.]A pretty fun rpg to explore and play around with had a good modding scene to expand game time...till the mucked it up and make you PAY FOR THE MODS.]Thanks Valve, for  on the work of modders and the experience of gamers. This game was one of the best of all time, Bethesda, but your new greedy model has turned this game into a dark blob in the history of PC gaming.  off.]gaben dont be greedy pls moar money bring moar sandwiches less money, less sandwiches the point is try to lose some bloody weight.]Congratulation. Beth and Steam. You guys well know how to make money! Thanks to the greatest ing  for all players and modders.]I cannot recommend this to anyone due to the absolutely disgusting decision to charge for workshop content. Do not buy mods. Your money is not going to the creators, it's going to Valve. Simply donate to the content creators after a mod has given you pleasure. Never, ever risk purchasing mods before using them. Shame on you Valve.]Tired of DLC ruining everything? Now you can join in on 25% of the fun too!]a ok game, that you have to pay to upgrade with mods]Paid mods 10/10 Coming next: Paid bugfixes 11/10]Paid mods are cancer 0/10]Skyrim's modding community had a fantastic reputation within the pc community, this has been destroyed in one fell swoop by Valve and Bethesda. 0/10]First off, skyrim is a fantastic game, and many people, myself included, have installed mods for the game. It was great and all, until valve decided to monetize mods and turn it into micro transactions. Paid mods are a really bad idea, since there is no guarantee of compatibility with other mods, and only 25% of the profit goes to modders. It also changes the attitude from "lets make mods since i enjoy making them", to "lets make mods since we can make a profit". Overall, this is a extremely bad idea, and i love this game, but please, remove paid mods and make them free again.]Thanks for destroying modding for everyone. Dislike, will not support future games.]A great game, but the mod community got backstabbed by a greedy Bethesda and Valve looking for more money out of nothing. Play it while the mod community is still alive.]WIth the introduction of Paid for Mods I cannot in good conscience give this game a good review. I have been using Mods in TES/Fallout games since Morrowind. As much as it is a wonderful idea to reward good mods this is not the method for doing so. Valve/Bethesda should receive 0% for a mod. I further believe all mods should be on a donation basis. Giving Valve money for something they already do is stupid. Giving Bethesda money for NOT MAKING A GAME AS GOOD AS IT COULD HAVE BEEN is stupid. In a single night this put a rift in the Modding community that we all loved. This will be the last Bethesda game I buy. And that really makes me sad and mad to say that.]Paid mods, suuure. Well Bethesda have fun with the 75%, I wont buy your  games anymore!]Paid mods are cancer 0/10]Skyrim's modding community had a fantastic reputation within the pc community, this has been destroyed in one fell swoop by Valve and Bethesda. 0/10]First off, skyrim is a fantastic game, and many people, myself included, have installed mods for the game. It was great and all, until valve decided to monetize mods and turn it into micro transactions. Paid mods are a really bad idea, since there is no guarantee of compatibility with other mods, and only 25% of the profit goes to modders. It also changes the attitude from "lets make mods since i enjoy making them", to "lets make mods since we can make a profit". Overall, this is a extremely bad idea, and i love this game, but please, remove paid mods and make them free again.]Thanks for destroying modding for everyone. Dislike, will not support future games.]A great game, but the mod community got backstabbed by a greedy Bethesda and Valve looking for more money out of nothing. Play it while the mod community is still alive.]WIth the introduction of Paid for Mods I cannot in good conscience give this game a good review. I have been using Mods in TES/Fallout games since Morrowind. As much as it is a wonderful idea to reward good mods this is not the method for doing so. Valve/Bethesda should receive 0% for a mod. I further believe all mods should be on a donation basis. Giving Valve money for something they already do is stupid. Giving Bethesda money for NOT MAKING A GAME AS GOOD AS IT COULD HAVE BEEN is stupid. In a single night this put a rift in the Modding community that we all loved. This will be the last Bethesda game I buy. And that really makes me sad and mad to say that.]Paid mods, suuure. Well Bethesda have fun with the 75%, I wont buy your  games anymore!]I can't support paid for mods.]Remember when mods where a cool and fun thing you could download for a couple of days, have your fun with it, and delete once they became incompatible? Yeah, that's no longer a thing without $$$.]Just despicable, loved the skins on CS:Go but mods on Skyrim are different]i was enjoying playing around with the mods until now. id love to donate to moders whos mods i consistantly use but paying imidiatly for them doesnt feel right. it feels like DLC thats been made by the comunity.]Skyrim is 10/10, and with paid mods about -1/10.]Very disappointed with the current implementation of paid mods.]No pay-for-mods. What's next? Bosses that you can only beat with a special item at a low low price of $1.99? This is ridiculous. You've taken an amazing system and put your foot up it's . Screw you Gabe.]The game itself is incredible, as is in TES tradition, however the recent paid mod practice that Bethesda started, with Valve jumping on it, absolutely disgusts me. 25% to the person who created the mod? Good job at ruining whatever image you had left going for you, Valve.]Very greedy developers destroying a game that once represented what PC gamers stood for.]oh paid mods hmmmmm a bit too ligit "$"%"$$%"$"$%&^&*&^%$"$%^&^%$"!$%^&^%$"!$%^$"!]Game was not bad itself. But mods made it so much better. Can i recommend it now? No! Because mods are gone. Behind a ing paywall of doom. You can also download the paywall mod but thats different. Now after coming back to the vanila game? It tastes like . Its like getting a big fat steak meal. Then eating the steak first and beeing left with only vegetables.]Man screw you valve and you grease ball fat #### Gaben.]I support FREE mods. This is a complete lack of foresight. Who charges money for mod which is based on OTHER FREE MODS? I had ENOUGH of this stupid practices in gaming market like DLCs, ripping content from game which is in the game/disc but you must pay for it and now they want me to pay money for mods? Bethesda/Valve boycotting starts now.]Paid Mods years after the fact. What an absolute joke. I will never buy a bethesda game ever again. As a matter of fact I will never buy any game with a paid mod workshop ever in the future either.]Uninstalled due to pay2mod. Get ed, Valve.]You have pay for user made content now. Unbelievable.]Paid mods..,. well i guess you can't spell Steam without EA. Instead of paid mods allow for donations. Allow modders to setup crowdfunding campaigns for the mods they are making. I will not pay for mods and just pirate them.]Without mods, I probably would not be playing this game. Valve and Bethesda taking money from other people's work is not something I support.]I would have given this game a good rating a few years ago, but now that I've played it way too much I'm going to give this game a review. Let's start with the pros: Better combat mechanics than its predecessors Better graphics than its predecessors Dragons Slightly improved perk system. I think this is headed in the right direction, but could use some fine tuning. The previous games have a version of this that is automatic when you leveled up a skill. That's it. When comparing it to the previous games it only has 3 things that it does better. 3. Now lets look at the cons: Lack of attributes (strength, intelligence, speed...) to give depth to character progression. Now you simply pick between health, stamina and magicka. Want a character that jumps high and runs fast to avoid being hit because you wanted to spend more points improving your damage rather than your health? Too bad, that's been removed this time around. Lack of quest depth to keep the game interesting. The majority of the side quests in this game consist of you going into an ancient nord ruin, killing draugr, and looting an item from a chest to give to some npc with a half- story as to why the item got there in the first place. "Lol I was in some ruin and got scared so I dropped my sword and ran. The draugr/falmer were nice enough to put it in a chest for when I decided to come back and get it." The quest lines for the guilds are decent, but they suffer from the same syndrome as the above points. A lack of depth to keep them interesting. It mostly consists of you doing more cookie cutter quests like the ones above, but with an annoying follower who stands in front of you everytime you swing your sword. This series is suffering from what I like to call casualization. I know lots of people would disagree and say that I'm some nerd who needs to get a life, but this game had such an amazing foundation to build upon. The combat was so much better in this game than the previous ones. All it needed was some attention to detail to add depth and really bring out the potential in this game. But because Bethesda thinks that the larger audience wouldn't enjoy a game with high quality character development, we are left with what feels like a half finished product that couldn't decide whether it wanted to be an RPG or an action game. I would have said even a few days ago that modding this game is what gives it life, and that alone would have given it a positive review, but Valvle and Bethesda's continued desire to nickel and dime the customer has led them to release paid mods. A practice that gives only a small fraction of the money to the actual modder and gives it to those who did absolutely no work all for the sake of pure greed. All-in-all I would say play one of the earlier games in the series like Morrowind or Oblivion as they are much better games with better character progression and better quests.]Game is great - the scope and replayability are unrivaled. Paid mods, however, are unacceptable.]I never wrote a review back in 2011 when I initially played Skyrim, because honestly I couldn't be bothered to. It didn't live up to the hype. Mods obviously helped a bit on that, being able to download various graphical or gameplay mods to improve your experience. Trying out this and that. Well, not anymore. With Steam allowing anybody to put up a mod (be it stolen or original) and charge whatever price-tag the modder chooses without having a responsibility of quality control? Or support? And good luck contacting Valve about a refund, they'll give you a thought-out copy pasted response in a month or two. You did good for a while there Valve. We understand you are a business, and businesses exist to make money. But not like this. EDIT: Valve and Bethesda have chosen to backpedal on paid mods, which is fantastic, but remember: Businesses exist to make money. Just because they couldn't make it work this time, doesn't mean they won't try again. I'll leave my review unchanged as a reminder to what happened these last few days.]This is a forever reminder of what happened in April 2015. Never Forget]So it seems that valve and bethesda have gotten rid of the paid mods. Good. But, there is still the fact that they did this to us in the first place. They should have at least asked us first, and most of us would have said the obvious choice: a Donate button. It would have been smarter all together. Its so sad as well, since the damage has been done. Some mod makers will never come back for being bashed like they did. Also the fact that half the mods charged 99$ just for making lydia 2% stronger was stupid as well. Hopefully, this is where this "paid mods" crap ends for these games...Although, I only think this is just the beginning.I hope valve/bethesda got what they wanted.]dont mind me, i am just an another negative review about the paid mods]I want paying for my reviews, dammit! I spent time doing this!!]This is one of the best games but paid for mods is a no go. Stay away.]When I bought this game, it was because I'd heard great things about the modding community for the Elder Scrolls series. For years, one of the best things about Skyrim was that there was effectively a mod for anything you could want. You could mold the game world to your tastes. Now you have to pay for mods. Everything is effectively DLC at this point, and you're paying rather exorbitant prices for a lot of unfinished, unpolished work. Bethesda and Valve have killed the game in pursuit of the almighty dollar. Dark times are upon us indeed. If you are just now looking at picking up the game, pass. It is a hollow shell of what it once was.]This game was amazing until the Paid Mods Attacked.]Supports paid mods. I do not.]An awesome game made even more awesome by Steam workshop. Now, however, Bethesda in cahoots with Steam, wants to monetize these mods. It's not so much about the creators earning a living as Bethesda and Valve seeing dollar signs in the hoped for thousands and thousands of transactions. Shame on you, Bethesda, especially since the PC community is responsible for making your Elder Scrolls series the success that they are, no disrespect meant toward console owners.]I've seen alot of crappy descisions come from Bethesda lately but this about tops them off. This game is a fully realised edition of the edler scrolls series full of 100s of hours of gameplay and excellent voice work amd music. After many people complained about the bad quality textures on the PC version they released a HD texture pack which helped enhance the game, But the game has many flaws and many mistakes made in the games production, but over the years teams of modders have come together to enhance Skyrim and make it an outstanding game. Unfortunately Bethesda and Valve have added a new feature which allows modders to sell thier mods on the Skyrim Workshop, which is against the copywrite agreement which everyone has to agree to when they install the game, and there is no quality assurance over the mods that are mometised or the lagality of the ownership of the mod which is being sold, on top of that Valve also want 75% of the income for a mod which they had no input into making. So while the game can be a fun experience once mods and fixes have been installed, it fails to provide much entertainent without them.]nice new way to support content creators by giving valve money wp]I bought a neat little sword mod for 99 cents. I mean, it's 99 cents, what harm could it do? The next thing I knew 99 cents became $1.99, then $2.50, then 10 bucks, and so on and so on until I was $22,000 in debt. The bank is going to foreclose my house in the next 3 days and to make matters worse I lost my job to outsourcing. I have 3 days until I'm out on the street with no way of making end's meet. My beautiful wife, Sarah, took her life because she felt there was simply no way out and left me to take care of our baby daughter and our german shepard, Rex. I just don't know what to do. I don't want my daughter to grow up on the street. Paid Mods destroy lives.]buy it as soon as the pay for mod system is removed. unacceptable]Great game and all but paid mods isnt worth it.]Paid Mods are Wrong. Just adding my vote. What makes this stealing worse is that they have the audacity to dress it up like its some sort of ethical stance. I've NEVER posted a review before despite first having a STEAM account when I needed it to get the newly released Half Life 2 that came free with my graphics card (Yes, I am that old). However this has compelled me to join the chorus of people complaining. This is basiclly in line with prostitutuion - its charging for something that should be free.]Independent contractors for Bethesda called "paid modders" have enabled the consumer to be able to pay money for additional features such as horse armor, swords, and other new skins! Due to an extremely-high demand from the community, these "paid modders" have gone out of their way to offer us a service which is quite convenient for the everyday gamer who has too fat of a wallet. Now you can pay your easily-earned money in order to acquire things like weather and better-looking water. So convenient! 10/10 would review modding again]Paid mods. I'd purchase standalone to prove a point and initiate change.]Skyrim is a game like no other and it is easily has one the best game communities out there. However with the recent addition of "paid mods" to the Steam Workshop I advise everyone to stay AWAY from offering that business. While the hard work put into mods is astounding at times by paying for any such mod you are voting with your wallet. Please do not give in to the underdeveloped DLC scheme going on in the Steam Workshop right now. Also google nexusmods.]You can now request money for your mod. There, have a negative review.]Supporting paid mods is a big ffin no!!! Stop it before others pick this bs up!!!]Bethesda, you've supported something that goes against what PC Gaming is known for.]If you want to pay for your game over and over again - Skyrim is the right game for you: First you buy the game, then DLC after DLC and when you finally got all DLCs (which could be for free like in other games, but not so in Skyrim) you can equip your credit card to buy mods. Someone might think "hey, it's a lot of work to create a high quality mod, it's okay the creator asks for some payment" and you might be right with this argument. But you don't pay the creator, at least not primarily since 75% will never receive the creator even not before tax. At the very end, you might have the game, how it should have been supposed to be in the first place - but you paid it 10 times or even more often. Regardless this fact, you will love the game, at least when you loved the games of that series before. But your love will always be a bit... I don't know... Let's say, it's like the game is your better half, but cheated on you in the past. There are no reasons to think, they might do it again, but there is always this bad feeling and it might remain forever. Skyrim didn't cheat on me, but I also have this bad feeling. The game crashes for me incredibly often, especially while quick-saving (at least, the save is successfull, but it is annoying). It is also annoying, that the game can't handle it, if you switch applications for a short moment (unfortunately, the OSD of changing my computer's volume is already too much) and you will have problems until you restart the game (like, two mouse cursors). Such a thing was okay for me, when "multitasking" was introduced with Windows95 - but to find this behaviour in an actual title surprised me in the same way as it disappointed me. Among those technical stuff, I also was surprised about how small the game experience was. Don't get me wrong: this game is huge and you will need a lot of time. But, compared to the other titles of the Elder Scrolls, you might be surprised how quickly you will have done it. Even though after the first 20% of the game there won't be any (real) new elements. Maybe compare it with a mother who cares for her child, how she does everything for the child, thinks about every possible detail to give her child a great life. Skyrim would be in this example an orphan. With a step mother. One of that kind, who never forgets that it isn't her child, but a good human being enough, to care for the child, that it is at least healthy and doesn't starve too much. I recommend everyone: don't buy it. Not even in sale. If you are in love with that series try to play it from a friend (like I did - I just used my save games on a "play for free"-weekend for the achievments), who has it. If you are not in Elder Scrolls up so far then better have a look in Risen or something else. They might not be perfect, too, but they do a lot better and try harder in many of those aspects.]Donation should definitely be an option when it comes to mods, but locking them behind a paywall? No. This isn't DLC and has too high a potential for exploitation by people looking to make a quick buck. Just to clarify, the game is great, but the monetization of mods is not. For a game so reliant on mods, this is unacceptable.]I will NEVER support paid mods, especially if 75% of the profits go to Valve and not the actual developer of the mod.]paid mods and this game]I LOVED THIS GAME but...f**king...valve are being really greedy i like the idea modders getting paid for their work but taking 75% of the profit is just wow really Valve seriously]There is paid mods. I wouldn't support it anymore. Everyone is a sell out - why do anything to help the poor man out when you can sit higher in an ivory tower? Lovely.]A mile wide, a puddle deep. After only a few playthroughs, you will realise that there is very little to do in the world and everything is boring. The only good thing about it was mods, but now many are locked behind a pay wall. Stay away.]This game is cool. I beat a lot of the core game. I was getting back into it and was about to start downloading mods - then I find out I have to pay for them. Stop this bull . I paid for the game. Give me mods for free you ing  holes.]Now Supports paid user created mods where the creators only get 25% of the cut. If you buy 2 mods and they are not compatible you are ed. There have already been reports about stolen mods put up on steam for sale. Colab mods get put up for Charge without the permission of the contributors. Free moder resources made by people have been used on many mods and are now up for sale, the contributors get nothing. Do not support this stay away from paid mods and this game.]The game itself is fine, but Paid mods are a major setback, prohbitively so for all but those with the unfortunate combination of no sense and infinte wealth. Mods were something the COMMUNITY shared with eachother, now everyone is just a shill for their new, super-special DLC. Hopefully modders will recognize the community aspect of their modding is important, and will continue to offer mods for free.]Mods where the one thing that kept this game alive for almost 4 years. In good conscious with the new workshop change to allow mostly illegal posted material and unsupported content for money I cannot recommend this game in 2015. This game was worth buying in 2011, its worth buying in 2015 with free mods, its not worth buying in 2015 with paid mods. Not recommended.]Game Sold Out on the mod scene.]First paid DLC, now paid fanmade DLC. Kill it with fire.]I can no longer reccomend this game now that you can pay for mods.]3rd Party DLC, Enough said Also, the game is a casualized version of the predecessor, without the mods it was actually quite boring.]I support well made games. I support developers allowing players to create their own modifications for these games. I support the Idea that mods should be free and people should donate to better, more thoughtful modders. I do not support allowing anyone to post what could even be an outright scam on the workshop and earn money. I do not support Valve taking 75% of the modders' profits. Valve - You either die a hero... Or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. I still have hope in you. Think.]Pretty solid content. Amazing modding versatility. A pity I don't think a sword is worth a few bucks.]Mods behind paywalls has the potential to kill this game. It sucks unmodded, and having to buy enough to make it worth playing is something ubisoft could only have dreamed of doing.]Charging for Mods is a big No Go. I can't recommend this Game for anyone currently.]Mods, which kept the game alive years after its used by date, become monetized. The decent into becoming EA has begun. Thanks for the good times while they lasted.]A game that used to be an amazing sandbox constantly kept fresh and interesting thanks to the incredible work of the modding scene has now been transformed into a disgusting cashcow and moneygrabber by Bethesda and Steam. Thank to them, we now have skin packs that cost more than the game itself and are of a much lower value and quality than dozen others free mods. What will happen when some of those expensive mods conflict between each others, or are not supported anymore (if they ever were) by their creators? Keep in mind also that the whole argument of "supporting modders" is completely fallacious, considering that they only receive a small minority of the profits made from those mods, the lion's share going, without a surprise, to Bethesda and Steam. We criticized heavily Bethesda for the horse armour in Oblivion, but this change goes beyond any of the worse nightmare we could have had.]Paid mods. What a scummy move that has horrible consequences for gaming as a whole. I've been sick of Bethesda for a while with their glitchy, outdated games that required mods to actually function, and now they're punishing us for their poor work by putting those fixes behind a paywall. I play plenty of RPGs but this will no longer be one of them]WIth the recent paid mods. This game is no longer good.]Pay 20$ in order to view this review]Paid mods. Way to go and ruin the very thing that that bring out the full potential of your buggy  games Bethesda. Thanks.]Way to ruin your modding community Bethesda.]I do not recommend this game due to pay mods. I purchased this game for the free mods. now its worthless]Great game, Paid mods are a bad idea.]Of all the companies out there, Valve is the worst to attempt a cash-grab on Skyrim. For the love of god people, DONATE to the mod creators, don't shell out to Valve.]Do I like the game? Yes. Reason? Mods. Without mods I couldn't play for more than 15min before leaving it for a year before I tried modding. Valve and Bethesda decided they want more green stuff so they butted in to one place they don't belong.]The game is fine but Valve and bethesda have gone the way of greed and are now charging money for what should be free content therefor i cannot recommend this game to anyone.]Good game that is now ruined by paid mods. If you do purchase this game, do NOT pay for these mods.]After Valve and Bethesda just shafted the crap out of the modding community...would not recommend. If I could kick Bethesda in the balls, I would.]Paid mods = Dead game 'Oh but it helps the modders' Not when valve gets %75 Valve stop trying to be EA and be the company we all used to love.]Games alright, but this modding fiasco has destroyed a large chunk of what made this game great. Modders didn't expect to get paid when they first made these mods, so why do they do now? If they wanted money, they would have originally asked for donations were they first created it. This is greed; Valve takes most of the money anyway, so the idea of 'supporting the modder' is pretty much made redundant.]This game isn't worth anything now, the mods are all pay to play.]The very first game with thousands of paid DLCs !!! Great job killing Skyrim !]Mods behind paywall]I've played this game on my PS earlier. Thought I'd give it a try on my PC since it was free anyways. I don't think the experience would be different from my PS, SINCE THERE IS NO WAY IN HELL I AM PAYING *VALVE* FOR THE HARD WORK DONE BY MODDERS! I am a programmer myself and I know the kind of effort that goes into these things. I won't blame the modders, because I assume most of them are in school and the idea of charging actual money for something that they do for fun is just too tempting to let go. BUT YOU, VALVE, TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THAT IS JUST PATHETIC. IF YOU *REALLY* WERE DOING IT TO HELP MODDERS WOULD HAVE AT LEAST MADE THE DEAL BETTER FOR THEM. YOUR CUT IN THIS IS RIDICULOUS. YOU MAKE ME SICK IN MY STOMACH.]No thanks for paid mods.]paid garbage with microtransactions. nope.]What a great game! until all my mods stopped working until I paid for them.]Paid mods? Not a chance.]Game was unplayable when first installed. The community made a mod/patch OUT OF THEIR LOVE FOR THE GAME that fixed it. Now they're making paid mods. Makes you wonder how "buggy" new games and patches are going to be, and how much the fix is going to cost you?]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]I very rarely review games. Most people can say what I want to say, but better. However... It breaks my heart to give such a wonderful game a negative review, I have loved every hour in-game, but as soon as users started improving an already great game, I felt I had found a game to stick with for years, and I always enjoyed checking the latest MOD offerings since the game first came out... Now I shall be uninstalling (even with all the actual DLCs I payed for) as a simple, insignificant gesture to Steam. You have enough money Gabe, why destroy the undeniably great Steam community for a few more $$$s. Please, have a heart, and keep PC gaming king :))) -(edit 28/04/2015, 00:10)- Thank you Steam for at least admiting this idea of yours still needs work. I fully and totally agree MOD creators should recieve compensation for their incredible efforts, however, the starting prices were, well, unreal... and if you are doing it for the MODDERS, think about what cut they get for all their work. Multi-national companies are getting 10-15% charge to have their games hosted on Steam, why so high for the individual creators?... Great idea in theory. please work on the details some (a lot) more, so more people make more awesome MODs, and all get fairly compensated after all is said and done.]First this games makes money because of mods as its alive because of them. Now the same company killing the very spirit of the modding. Here are few points why Modding behind a paywall is a bad thing 1. 25% to Modder and 75% to Valve+Bethesda 2. NO guarantee that mods will work in future 3. Killing the very heart of heart by monetizing it. 4. Mods were work out of passion and not for money. 5. Diving the community...we already saw that chesko retired from modding because of this . Lets take revenge, Downgrade this  to hell.]#Paywall #YudothisGabe #Bringoldworkshopback]Mod making for any game, was never meant to pay your bills, it was never meant to be an income. No one forces you to make them! You have no right to charge, but people can donate, what's wrong with that setup?. Why not make Bethesda create a better game! Instead of using s to extend its game play! They've been making millions off of you idiots and now they wanna make millions more, you just don't get it, your being used!]Bethesda's new mod policy cripples this game's functionality. I would not recommend buying this game at this point in time because of this.]I don't reccommend this to anybody until paid mods are removed.]Valve introduced paid mods with the co-operation of Bethesda killing any interest I had in this game. Even forgetting that, the main quest line is short and full of tropes, the guild questlines are poorly written and clearly cut short by them rushing for release and the game is still quite buggy. The DLC's all added things that mods had already added, too.]I No longer reccomend this game to someone who wants a prolonged expirence, Valve Has issued an "Order 86" and monopolized pc gaming and now charging for mods? No DO NOT buy this game OR buy mods, you are just fueling the fire for the money grubbers. Boycot. Boycot. Boycot. why would you put over 100 dollars into a game that came out so long ago? Is Common sense, think with your wallet.]Finally Bethesda realised that only the mods make this game worth playing. So why not cash in on them? Ugh.]Don't let paid mods ruin this masterpiece of a game.]Don't let paid mods ruin this masterpiece of a game.]Yes, Modder should get paid, but not with the current paying model. The whole system is just not right and both Valve and Bethesda aren't doing anything to repsond. BV]This game was one of the best examples of why pc gaming was superior. The amazing modding community has done things to this game that people never thought possible. Sadly, Valve and Bethesda have done irreperable damage to that community and their own reputation with this paid mod update. I can no longer support any dev that tries to make money off of the work that the community has done out of passion for the game and the scene. This game was great once, but sadly, the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Skyrim (2011-2014): best example of pc gaming/mod community Skyrim (2015): Microtransaction Simulator 2015 EDIT: Paid modding is removed, but this review will still stay negative as a reminder... the PCMR may forgive, but we never forget.]Paid mods are bogus. Quit trying to nickel-and-dime us.]Skyrim was a great game for the almost 4 years since release, But everything changed when the Valve nation attacked...]Paying for mods? What are you even doing Steam?]This was a great game, but I cannot recommend buying it. We should fund the corporate greed no longer. Bethesda and Valve that know the capabilities of the modding now want to cash in on the backs of content creators. People won't mod because they want to see changes in the game, they will just do it for greed. Do not buy this game, do not support them.]TAKE THIS, FOUL DRAUGR... whoo WHAT THE HELL A DRAGON I WILL SEND YOUR SOUL TO HELL, DASTARDLY EVIL BEAS... *hi, you are using the free version of Jonnie587's 4k dandelion texture, please upgrade to the paid version for only $4.99* ..t... oooh, what the frick.]When I bought this game, it was because I'd heard great things about the modding community for the Elder Scrolls series. For years, one of the best things about Skyrim was that there was effectively a mod for anything you could want. You could mold the game world to your tastes. Now you have to pay for mods. Everything is effectively DLC at this point, and you're paying rather exorbitant prices for a lot of unfinished, unpolished work. Bethesda and Valve have killed the game in pursuit of the almighty dollar. Dark times are upon us indeed. If you are just now looking at picking up the game, pass. It is a hollow shell of what it once was.]paid mods are ok but taking 75% of it isn't when you did nothing except host it EXCPET THAT IT'S NOT PAID MODS OK GOOD GAME BUT I STILL NOT]I do not support Paid Mods.]Good job at destroying and diving entire Skyrim community Bethesda/Valve. Mods are hobby not a job.]Valve forgot to pay me to reccomend this game]lmao this whole thing is hilarious thanks valve for the drama]i thought i liked valve...]How could Valve and Bethesda not understand that the best way to go about supporting modders would be to, at most, allow the modder to add an optional donation button to their workshop contribution which would always remain available to all for free. Also, at the very least, the modder should receive 50% of the donation received. Without all the free mods Skyrim would never been as successful as it had been before the paid mod disaster. Never forget Update: "Our belief is, 'We made the game, we made the game you're making a thing for.' So just like anything else, there is some kind of involvement that we're going to have in that," - Bethesda's Pete Hines [www.gamespot.com]]Paid mods ? No]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]Incredible game destroyed by abysmal decisions.]Paying for mods FUN!]Paying for mods FUN!]0/10, had too much money and not enough bug fix mods to spend it on. Would not paywall again.]you Bethesda for destroying the modding community. I hope this greedy behaviour blows back into your face. I loved this game and its community.]Base game was great, then mod support was added and the game was wonderful, then steam and bethy decided they would profit off other peoples work (a whopping 75%, dev gets a mere 25%). They are not only destroying the future of Skyrim, not only destroying the future of The Elder Scrolls, but destroying the future of modding. I won't play another second of this game unless this nonsense is brought to an end, and won't play a second of future games either. Many others express the same feelings, as evidenced by skyrims approval ratings plummeting from 98% to 88% overnight and continuing to fall.]If you do not pay for mods you are a dog . Bethesda must collect $2,0923,13,5123.99 for mods. GabeN needs 20 new golden chickens!]I can now pirate mods. 2/10]gewear m hlforde and m hrigmannum wi num penninge.]Mods are not DLC.]In one fell move, Valve managed to shatter a thriving community, burn their goodwill, ignore all criticism, and have me leave Steam. Valve, this is unforgivable.]Without free mods it's just another mediocre action-rpg. weak combat system. very poor RPG.]in light of recent events, No I would not purchase this game.]BS never gonna Pay for Mods 0/10]Eat  and die Bethesda]Eat  and die Bethesda]If you have windows 8.1 dont buy it.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. Trying to charge people for mods hurts the gaming community as a whole. People can and should support mod creators via donations, a button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is a terrible idea. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will stop it.]FREE MODS]This game with paid mods -9/11 would not reccomend.]"Skyrim Workshop Now Supports Paid Mods"]Cannot support the greed shown with how they implemented paid mods. Game uninstalled.]I used to be a Bethesda dev working on Skyrim. I tried to make sleeping a meaningful mechanic, as player recover as they sleep. I also designed cool dream themed menus with deep proverbs while opposing factions may try to assassinate you while you sleep in late-game. I geniunely believed this would be very immersive, a neat break from the flow for players to think and plan their character. Todd Howard, however, was not as pleased. He calls me out during a meeting, belittles me in front of our coworkers and calls me "Dreamboy". The whole company now makes fun out of me and calls me Dreamboy. I got demoted, but I kept working. I thought about how to make the passing of in-game time more meaningful. The "Dragon Apocalypse" happens on day 50 and the Aldmeri Dominion invades on day 100. This would immerse the player in a sense of heroism and danger. When I go to the toilet after finishing these changes... Todd finds me and repeatedly punches me in the liver and solar plexus while calling my son an autistic r*tard. I got demoted to Janitor's closet now. I still tried to make the best of it and kept working hard. I made it so that NPCs from the opposing faction are hostile, and you have to sneak or disguise yourself if you want to do business in Solitude as a Stormcloak, for example. To me, this would make the game intense and real. I come home later that day and found my wife crying in the living room, and when I asked what's wrong, she said that a man approached our son at school and asked him if it's "hard to be a r*tard with a f*g dad." Although I should have stopped at this point, I felt like it was still my duty to make this game as good as possible. I wanted to include an optional "Hardcore Mode" like in New Vegas - I believed this would immerse players as it would make food and taverns meaningful. Later that night when I took out the trash, someone throws a bag over my head. I hear people laughing and making fun out of me as someone is stomping on me. Then suddenly, after taking kicks and punches for a long time, someone pulls the bag off me. I felt a wet finger pressing against my anal. I hear Todd's voice saying, "Is that hardcore enough for you, Dreamboy?"]This game is supporting paid mods...and modders will only get 25% of the money.Dont buy this game.]da police coming straight from da undeground!!]Paying for Mods is a slippery slope that will eventually destroy what makes PC gaming so great. I refuse to support this level of greed.]Hate to give you a thumbs down, Skyrim, but not only are you allowing amature modders to get paid for doing nothing. You're only giving any real developers 25%. Your end of the deal is a huge problem. Bethesda, Valve. People notice when you treat people wrong, especially the "more important than you" modding community. The sole reason I have more than 5 hours on record is thanks to them, the sole reason I enjoyed playing this game, was them. 25% for something that 100% their work. I understand you want a cut for it is your game world. But the only reason I bought legendary edition was because it was required for the mods I wanted to use. Think about the fact that modders sold me this game, not you, not your cheesy videos, not the hype train. The very people you are trying to rip off, on top of not even giving people the ability to just donate to a modder that has a free mod. It's either paywall your content, or no donations. All of this and it's through the workshop, literally THE worst way to mod Skyrim.]Remove the paywall from the mods and this game would be so much better! Do something like set up a donation button or something in that respect.]F*ck a holes, mods are free, now you want money for it?]Maximum Jewery detected, authorizing full shutdown of community support. Won't be giving my shekels to someone who MAKES me pay for a mod. "Pay what you want" is more tolerable, but still unneeded. Coming from an 11 year Steam user, this makes me sick... like cancer ridden sick.]Paid mods...... What has this world become]Adding my voice to the many others. I haven't reviewed this game before (it CAN be great), but I'm saying NO to paid mods. Play something else until Valve/Bethesda realises the mistake they have made.]The entire point of getting this game on PC is modding to make it better. Valve ruined it with making mods paid. Don't support them.]Mods are now paid DLC. Don't support this .]Paid Modding?! Fair enough if a big share goes to the modders but 75% runs straight down Steams pocket and only 25% goes to the "modder"... Skyrim is a good game but Steam hurts the game and themsleves by doing this!!!!]A series now defined on the quality of their mods gives their community the proverbial slap to the face. I'm done with this kind of .]Why not we start paying for a steam membership too?  you Bethesda, skyrims not even fun by itself]Paid mods? How about no.]All mods should get a donate button not a pay button.]Paid mods, disagree with the way valve and bethesda is going on about it. Mods is what made this game survive for so long.]Went from a reasonably great game to a can of worms opening doorways to a dangerous future in modding and gaming.]Sorely disappointed in Valve and Bethesda.]This game charges for mods on the workshop..... and the devs of said mods only get 25% shame on you Valve and Bethesda...]Even when you buy the game at 75% off, you still have to pay full price just to get the mods that have always been free. Still a phenomenal game nonetheless.]Skyrim was a great game and represented to many why PC's were the ultimate gaming platform. Now Valve and Bethesda look to exploit players and modders by taking a vibrant thriving modding community that offered hours and hours of free gameplay, that was run purely for the love of the game and turn it just another DLC money grab. Except in this case this isn't even DLC they've created, yet they still take a whopping 75% of the money and give only 25% to the modder who actually created the mod. What's sickening is Gabe Newell himself has tried to convince us that this is somehow good for the mod community and benefits us. Skyrim has become the unfortunate vehicle to usher in this new era for modding, with many modders already putting up paywalls and having popups occur in game to encourage you to buy the full version of a mod. Of all the companies to pull this stunt I never would have expected Valve/Bethesda, both of whom owe a great deal to the modding communities support of their games, to be the ones to corrupt it like this.]paid mods are bad and you should feel bad. But seriously without mods this game ain't that great. The default gui is very console setting, hard to use with m/kb. Tons of bugs which can only be patched with mods and the way the game works is awful.]Pioneering paid mods. No thanks.]bought a mod that costed more than the basegame crashed my game 11/10 - IGN]So much wasted potential.]I have hundreds of hours logged onto Skyrim on my Xbox 360, and while I enjoy the game, there are many glaring flaws. 1) Repetitive dialogue. This game shows that voice acting is still a luxury, as everybody says the same stuff over and over and it makes me want to pull a Van Gogh. The fact that this is supposed to be a feature doesn't help. I don't expect unique dialogue for every minute I play the game, but having every guard and NPC in skyrim say the same things is terrible. 2) Poor textures. If you don't pay attention to it, fine, but once you really look at that rock or weapon you realize that this game's textures is as poorly done as a whole. Lots of clipping. Lots of washed out crap. Lots of blurry garbage. I should not have to look to mods in order for a game I purchased to not look like it came right out of the gutter. 3) Scale. All the cities could barely classify as towns. The cities make the world appear larger on the map than it should be, but the cities in actuality make the world seem cramped and lifeless. Solitude has less than 20 buildings, and even less buildings to enter. 4) Writing. Lots of cringey writing. I could only tolerate it because I took long and frequent breaks from the main questline to explore and kill stuff. 5) Poorly scaling monsters. If you spent time leveling up things unrelated to combat you find the combat outscales you and you end up fighting hulking draugr deathlords that one-shot you because you still have a iron chestplate and sword. But another flaw about this game is what has happened recently. Mods are now able to be charged for. Developers are actually getting paid to do nothing while modders fix the game for them, and even then the modders only get 25% of the revenue they make total. Oh and if it doesn't break $400 bucks, then they don't get revenue at all. Now, if a player wants a quality mod to fix a bug or increase their experience they have to pay for it like DLC. These stupid microtransaction methods aren't content with just DLC and Pre-order , they're not encroaching on the modding community. tl;dr- skyrim really draws you in for a while, but once you get wise to it everything looks boring, feels boring, and now if you want to enhance your experience with mods you have to pay for it too.]This may well have been the best game made ever due to the tens of thousands of mods that could transform the game into whatever game you may have wished for. However, now it is used to pave the way for paid mods. Paaid Mooodds]Valve's new paid mods scheme is pure rubbish. Without mods, vanilla Skyrim sucks. So based on that, I give this game a big thumb's down.]We pay dearly in coin for mods. Lord Gaben has forsaken his people. Let the Reformation soon take it's place, with hopes of a new era, where we are instead blessed by a great era of quality, new, free mods.]I can't recommend this game anymore, as you will now have to pay for the mods that make it worthwhile. Don't support micro-transation dlc modding.]This game stayed on top for so long only because mods were available for FREE. Now that Valve made people pay for the mods this game became useless. Now you can go buy a console and play it there. Thanks Valve for ruining PC gaming with 1 update.]Paid mods now]An ok console-port-in-spirit that REQUIRES mods to be anything like previous iterations in terms of difficulty or depth. Before shady business practices that rewarded lazy and greedy* companies even further** this was no real issue but now it most certainly is and for that I cannot recommend the game to anybody who has played a previous elder scrolls or even a real fan of RPGs. If it's your first rpg game it'll be ok. *Bethesda invented modern DLC as we know it, remember [www.uesp.net] ? **Bethesda has only gotten away with their poor showings to the PC market among a sizable portion of users because they were a mod framework people could sandbox in. In-house bethesda games post-oblivion are barely worth the virtual space they're printed on as RPGs next to the actual giants of the genre. To demand 50% share is further incentivizing incompleteness and bugs as now (in theory) bethesda can just double dip; get money for the game itself because people will know whatever C- quality the game itself is can be changed completely so they buy it and then get a paycheck on the fixes to their own issues. What was a company that barely tries to develop mechanics/stability/gameplay/openness will try even less. Remember, commenters, you could always donate to modders who wanted to set that up and they'd get 90-100% of your money (money transfer fees may or may not apply)! This isn't supporting modders this is in fact corporations butting in on their hard work and handing them pennies after taking your dollars! The developer made the platform? If the game was so great why would it need fan bugfixes/mechanic overhauls? Why are they entitled to the sweat of another mans brow? Especially sweat that is usually spent on fixes? Why ever devote in studio time to bugfixes or improvements? Shovel them titles out with the paid staff! Let the common rabble do that unprofitable and difficult grunt work and collect your money twice! You don't even have to pay them a living wage, they work for peanuts! Ahahahaha! Valve has to spend a kerspillion dollars on hosting? They'll go bankrupt if they don't get paid as much as the person doing the actual work? Bulk rate discounts are a thing when you host half of PC gaming and you can donate to the nexus at any time (which over their history has done just fine with community support+ads+premium and without spending ninety blargillion dollars). This (hopefully) is peak industry greed. This (surely) is one of several heralding sounds of the second great video games crash [en.wikipedia.org] and it can't come soon enough. Valve, you were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the greed-first-games-second AAA monopoly, not join them! Bring balance to the PC gaming community, not leave it in darkness!!! EDIT: Addendum, Bethesda has entirely eroded their good-faith benefit of the doubt in regards to greed, undercutting others and cashing in. Valve too are working hard to catch up to them. Only at a squinting passing glance does this help modders. Rather, with any real thought it tears mod teams apart (I wait to be paid and Tim doesn't believe in it!), tears the community apart (inter-mod permissions were already a dramafest with no money involved), treads some real IP legality lines (liscensing, the legality of EULA, theft of work, etc) and is generally toxic to what was once a highly cooperative community focused field. Do you really want more greed and money in the world we live in? Where does it end? Art projects picked up by the media with the viewership dollars shared? What was once collaberative free expression that could maybe lead to money if the artist cared about that becoming a winner take all hyper-capitalist dog-eat-dog mini-corporate world? Not by my vote.]Take your  paid mods and  off. Valve and Bethesda even take 75% of the profits. WHAT DID THEY DO? The mod was free, now they feel entitled? Do one.]paid mods? no thanks.. This isn't PC gaming.]Right now, Skyrim is on sale for 2.49. There are mods on the workshop selling for more than this.]Absolutely horrible without VERY extensive use of FREE mods and even then you better hope mods wont conflict with each other and make the game unplayable. 1/5 you can polish a turd but you cant change it's core.]Paid mods is a new low.]Not a bug, how dare you. No paid mods.]PAID MODS.  YOU VALVE.  YOU GABEN YOU ING  TRAITOR.]10/10 Game 10/10 Modding community, well, not anymore. Paid mods.]Never thought I'd see the day where I'd have to back up the mods I downloaded. Good game, bad new system.]I like the idea of paying modders. I think the implementation of this system is about the worst way it could possibly be done]Was a fan until paid mods became a thing. I can no longer reccomend this game because of greedy corperations like Bethesda and Valve.]Great game, but the best part are the mods. After Valve introduced the paid workshop, it has been completely ruined. Valve has gone so far as to shut down discussions about this "update". -10/10 Would not mod again.]Oh Gaben has come to own all modder's heart. I tell you, I tell you, the paid mods come. With the ting power of ancient scam art. Believe, believe, the paid mods come. The end to the era of passion at heart. Beware, beware, the paids mods come. Capitalism yet grows. You'll know, you'll know, the paid mods have come. $/10]Someone at ValvE thought putting things that have been free for a decade behind a paywall was a good idea. SPOILER ALERT: It wasn't.]So, I was in love with this game since the very beginning. But this sudden change from the content creators of pulling their content off the Nexus and going straight for purchase, as well as the whole set of clusters that have been going with ownership of mods and who gets paid? This game is dead to me.]I love this game, but not the paid mod dlc that is being forced down our throats and is going to result in the end of free modding.]Great game, but the best part are the mods. After Valve introduced the paid workshop, it has been completely ruined. Valve has gone so far as to shut down discussions about this "update". -10/10 Would not mod again.]Oh Gaben has come to own all modder's heart. I tell you, I tell you, the paid mods come. With the ting power of ancient scam art. Believe, believe, the paid mods come. The end to the era of passion at heart. Beware, beware, the paids mods come. Capitalism yet grows. You'll know, you'll know, the paid mods have come. $/10]Someone at ValvE thought putting things that have been free for a decade behind a paywall was a good idea. SPOILER ALERT: It wasn't.]So, I was in love with this game since the very beginning. But this sudden change from the content creators of pulling their content off the Nexus and going straight for purchase, as well as the whole set of clusters that have been going with ownership of mods and who gets paid? This game is dead to me.]I love this game, but not the paid mod dlc that is being forced down our throats and is going to result in the end of free modding.]You know why.]Quite simply, I'm expressing my disgust at the paid mods system they've implemented. The game itself is fantastic, and the mods you can get for free are phenomenal, Purchase by all means, but don't positively review until they revoke paid for mods. Written and published as of 26/04/2015, with mods being optionally charged for a set price.]If you have gotten to experience the magnificent game that Skyrim is before the paid modding was added, good for you. If not, I'm afraid it can already be too late. As a PC game, Skyrim was geared towards modding from the get-go, and functioned so for the four years after it's release. It was and still is a great game that stood on its own even without any mods, and if that's what you wish, do buy and play it, it is totally worth it. But as I said, mods, small and big improvements to how the game works, are truly the heart of Skyrim, and the last four years the community has been pushing out more and more amazing modifications. Sadly, Bethesda, with the help of Valve, has recently put up a marketplace for paid mods, thus seeking to monetize all that was free for four years. In the process they are only spawning re-texture rip-offs and the like, ruining the modding community completely. If you are here for the vanilla game, it is epic and worth it, I would definitely recommend it, but then you could just get it for a console, since you weren't going to mod anyways. But if you're here for the full experience, enriched with mods I'm sorry, but you are too late now. I cannot recommend the game as it is in its current sad state.]Paid mods harm the entire PC gaming community.]The game, by itself, is nothing special. The only thing that made it good were mods, and with this greedy move I cannot recommend it with clear conscience.]Paid mods. Shame on you Valve.]I've bought this game on 4 different consoles and supported Bethesda all the way but not anymore.]In enacting a paid workshop mod policy, Bethesda has essentially shackled the hand that helped to motive sales of some of their most recent titles. The Apple of Discord has been lobbed, and the ensuing melee may very well sunder this and other modding communities for the foreseeable future. Don't buy Skyrim, don't buy Fallout 3, don't buy any of their future projects - and for proposing this scheme in the first place, don't buy anything else that would see money going towards Valve, for that matter. Use GoG, use Amazon, use any individual systems developers and publishers have set up, ANYTHING but Steam.]Skyrim is a okay game, its the mods that make it good, with the way things are going, i cant reccomend this game to anyone.]Rather play Train Simulator]Some men just want to watch the world burn... but now they cant becasue the giant flame ball spell mod costs more than the damn game!!!]Great Game if you are a very Rich man and do not care for money. For everyone else, sorry, you have missed your oportunity to enjoy Skyrim the way it was meant to played on PC. Bethesda has assisted Valve in destroying this game with sugar-coated corporate greed. I would not buy this game for one dollar, because either way you are going to spend $!00+ on mods that used to be free.]Vanilla Skyrim isnt very satisfying. Worth maybe a playthrough.]Great for modding...]Pay for mods. WTF and DLC is higher than game it self.]Paid mods Please dont support that kind of behaviour 0/10 Without this issue game is 7/10 at best with mods 10/10]Not worth it.]Paid mods. An incredibly bad idea. Once their was a time when all could enjoy their dragons as Macho Man Randy Savage. Now thanks to greed and blatant stupidity mods like that are tucked neatly behind a paywall. Thanks for killing the one thing that set us apart from console gaming Valve! Don't tick off your fanbase.]Mods for money. Otherwise good game.]use to be a great game on pc with mod,now that mod become dlc,it will become a ghost of it former glory whats next valve,a sub to get better deals on game!?]You have to pay for mods now. Do not buy this game. As someone with over 200 mods installed from various sources (including the steam workshop), I would have to pay over $400 to replicate my current skyrim experience today.]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve? Edit: I stand by this review even after Steam removed the paid mods. The game is great don't get me wrong, but the way in which the community was treated was appalling. Paid mods are not such a horrible idea but they have a time and a place, This was neither.]Paid mods are an abomination, this cancer cannot be allowed to spread.]skyrim is one of my favorite games but getting destroyed by paid mods]Even after the paid mods fiasco, I'm still keeping my bad rating, and let me tell you why: This game has the area of an ocean but the depth of a kiddie pool. Anyone can argue Bethesda's strong suit is world building, and Skyrim has an epic, open world, but the game does nothing with it. I found the story hard to follow, despite it being linear and obvious, but it was too easy to get wrapped up in sidequests. Furthermore, the NPCs. Every NPC has something to say, which is cool, but it's specifically about you and to you, even those who don't know (or care) that you're the Dragonborn. It creates an atmosphere of the entire world revolving around you, a big problem I had with Fallout 3, Bethesda's other RPG. However, unlike Fallout, this game has no moral system. Meaning you can get trapped into doing evil quests (Lights Out!) with no way to stop it. This game's world is massive and incredible, but the story falls short and the NPCs serve no purpose to deepen it. If you want an RPG that's truly great, deep, moddable, and has Bethesda's name on it, save your money and pick up New Vegas. Still plenty of great mods and a much better story and base replayability than Skyrim or Fallout 3.]We won the battle, not the war. This is twice that Bethseda has tried something silly, and Valve is no better. It's sad that reviews for games have to be tainted by politics.]Edit: Happy to find out Bethesda and Steam backpedaled on their decision to monetize mods. Still, let this review stand as a record of what transpired, and to how loudly hundreds of thousands of voices can resonate. Thanks for fighting for us! For the last three Elder Scrolls games, Bethesda has relied on one thing to make their games playable and decent. I am of course talking about allowing the community to mod their games which are NEVER finished upon release. The vanilla version of their games, while acceptable, do not even remotely compare to a fully modded version of the game. Essentially, Bethesda had been using the communty to give their very bare games a good name, and they have succeeded in that regard and have increased their sales significantly. But that was not enough for Bethesda, it wasn't enough that they release a game half completed, it wasn't enough that the community had to fill in the blanks, to do a job that the developers are getting paid a lot of money to do professionally. No, Bethesda now wants to profit by monetizing the mods out there, the mods which made people give a thought about their game to begin with. This practice encourages foul play, copyright infrigments, greed, and will generally not sit well for the people who use their products. If one of the core mods out there gets monitized (and they already have), there will be no alternative to the users due to the modders being unable to get their similar mods approved due to so called "copyright". There was never a copyright problem before monetizing the mods. Now this becomes a reality, now Bethesda and Valve get a piece of the pie with every transaction. Do you remember the Blizzard approach? How many people at Blizzard lost their jobs over their terrible business model before they bent the knee to all the negative feedback and redesigned the entire game? Bethesda and Valve are trying to turn user generated content into paid DLC because they feel they should get credit and ownership on the user generated content released for their half finished games. Essentially outsourcing some of their best content to third parties who have none of the benefits of being full time Bethesda employees. Additionally, the feedback for the paid content is now completely biased as only the users who purchased the mod will be able to write reviews and rate the content. If Valve and Bethesda truly wanted to legitimately support the modding community, all they had to do was add an optional donation option for those who want to contribute to the mods' development. I am not blaming any of the developers of the game, they did what they were told. Their marketting department and those above it are solely the ones blamed, as well as the service who hosts their game.]Let this negative review serve as a reminder of the paid-for mod fiasco that bethesda/valve tried to pull]"A new way to support modders:" Bethesda's cut: 45% Valve's cut: 30% Modders' cut: 25% No way, Jose.]cause paying for small dlc wasn't enough for them]Contributing to the negative review numbers on the sole basis of the paid mods.]Paid Modding?! Fair enough if a big share goes to the modders but 75% runs straight down Steams pocket and only 25% goes to the "modder"... Skyrim is a good game but Steam hurts the game and themsleves by doing this!!!!]bought a mod that costed more than the basegame crashed my game 11/10 - IGN]Valve what have you done This paid modding is insanity. Mods are what made you a company. If CS had cost 20$ it would not exist. If DOTA cost 15$ it would not exist. Please change this to a donate button. The pay wall that has already come up in just a few days is just a small taste of what will become. And if you are going to insist on supporting a paid mods solution you and Bethesda taking 75% of the profits is absurd. Are you kidding me 75%. The Modder doses all of the work for you and you steal their income. You say this is to help the mods grow and become more refined. Well then send 75% to the creator.]PAID MODS MAY COST MORE THAN ADVERTISED This game for a start is brilliant and i highly recommend you to purchase it. Would you kindly not pay for mods however and here is why. Now we all know that modding isn't perfect and depending on the type of mod can be extremly hard and confusing to install. These mods may require .INI editing and may require patches and files such as the (Skyrim Script Extender) to run correctly and even installing these can be a pain in the backside because they may be out of date versions, Include errors and might not even work on certain hardware. This can be extremely confusing to people who don't know the In-Out's of a computer, Things such as renaming or .ZIP extracting. Now onto why i think mods may cost you a fortune: ________________________________________ Now if you have looked into the workshop you may have seen there are a few mods already up for payment. These few mods (So far that i have seen) require nothing else to experience their content. Yet But this is what will happen and (Trust me it will) Say i release a mod called "Skyrim Graphics Overhaul" and i put it up for purchase. It seems all fine and dandy doesn't it? A mod which will make Skyrim look like Crysis and i go ahead and buy it until you see this: _________________________________________ Main Mod: Skyrim Graphics Overhaul: 4 Required Mods: Skyrim Water Enhanced: 5 Skyrim Ultra HD Texture Pack: 7 8k Grass Textures: 3 Total Price: 19 Yes... 4 for a mod which should have had all these things covered itself and then for all the other mods you have to fork out 15 for (Micro-Transaction DLC) For a grand total of 19 for a modpack which probably won't make it look as advertised. Please do not stand for this. and Sign this Petition: https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop]You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc and get a thumbs up...]"The game is very good, excellent even. Too bad it is a pioneer of a despicable business practice of paid modding. I'm sorry. I've bought every DLC, I won't be paying cash for small mods based on somebody else's work. Will this game kill the PC modding community? Only you can decide!" Same feeling. Good game and incredibly bad innovation. A very bad example for other companies and modders community.]Now that mods are behind a pay wall there is no real reason to even buy this on the PC.]Bravo Valve, Mods that you must pay for. This is ing attrocious, and has effectively killed the ing game for me. Back to playing Morrowind for my Elder Scrolls fix, goodbye Skyrim, you  shade of a king that you once were.]Game 10/10 Paying for mods -10/10 Sorry Steam but that's ! Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly.]Payed mods, no thank you. I'd rather have a huge pop up ad and donation button.  off.]Against paid mod on Steam.]Skyrim's a good game that becomes an amazing game thanks to mods. I got my fun out of it, but you won't, with the way things are changing here.]Was a great game because of mods now you have to pay its completly]I cannot recommend game bc of the whole fiasco with the modding situation, it needs to be fixed soon]Game is awful, only cuz the mods are paid for, well played valve, well played.]THIS IS MY REVIEW UNTIL THEY TAKE DOWN THE PAID MODS! YOU HERE ME VALVE! YOU GUYS HAVE RUINED SKYRIM! I PAID $60 FOR THIS GAME AND NOW YOU'RE CHARGING ME EXTRA!? WHAT THE HECK!!!]Whats next, Summer Mod Sale?]Not supporting paid mods.]THEY TOOK ER MERDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]Mods were the only decent thing about this game, now you have to pay for them.]Paying for mods? ing really?  you Valve.  you Bethesda.]I do not recommend this game. Although there are some good aspects of the game as a whole, the company and valve are making this game much less enjoyable. Buy the game for a console, or don't get the game at all.]Skyrim is worthless without mods. The monetization of modding for Skyrim has, therefore, made Skyrim an objectively  game.]I do not recommend this game. Although there are some good aspects of the game as a whole, the company and valve are making this game much less enjoyable. Buy the game for a console, or don't get the game at all.]Skyrim is worthless without mods. The monetization of modding for Skyrim has, therefore, made Skyrim an objectively  game.]The greed is Real. Another excuse to release broken, unfinished games.]Paying for mods is unacceptable. An unnecessary blight on the face of an otherwise excellent game.]This game was what it was because of the mods. Now the mods are paid. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT IS BUGGY, BORING AND OUTDATED. In order to get good graphics and bug fixes from mods you need to pay. Do not buy this game,]I'm going to explain CHIM to you guys, because I think it's very relevant here. CHIM is the realization that the world you love is merely a dream, and the realization that doesn't matter because you love it anyway. If you don't love the world and everything in it, if you don't love it enough that it doesn't matter that it isn't real and you're not real, you zero-sum. You stop having ever existed. And this love, this love of the world and everything in it, combined with the acceptance of its nature as a dream, allows you great power over the world. You may change it as you see fit, improve it, modify it and contribute to the beauty of the world for the sheer sake of making it more beautiful and more worthy of that love. Those who truly love will contribute because of that love. That is what CHIM means. Every unofficial patch, every spell package, every mechanical or graphical overhaul is an act of CHIM, of truest love. Hiemskir, in game, quotes from The Many Headed Talos, saying: "Let me show you the power of Talos Stormcrown, born of the North, where my breath is long winter. I breathe now, in royalty, and reshape this land which is mine. I do this for you, Red Legions, for I love you." CHIM is love. Paid mods are not CHIM. This is what I'm really ing  about. That they started this paid mods experiment with The Elder Scrolls. This goes directly against the most beautiful, most poignant part of Elder Scrolls lore. This is not CHIM. This is greed.]Bethesda and Valve ruined this game with paid mods. Buuuh!]After the paywall to mods i could not recommend this game to anyone. I have a played over 450 hours and still not beat the game. That is how much I love this game. Thank Valve for f*cking it up for everyone! *I have donated planty to modders. All you need is a donate button.]You will get hours and hours of gameplay out of this little gem. Unfortunately Valve decided that that we had to play for mods, so now you'll only get about half of it.]Need to pay modders (75% to Bethesda) to fix stuff Bethesda should've fixed on release.]I can no longer support Bethesda games. Such sadness...]UPDATE: This was written during the paid mods debacle on Steam. Paid mods were removed after intense backlash. This will still remain a negative review. Read below the review to see why. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It is with a very weary sigh that I can no longer recommend this series. This franchise, this part of gaming history, has occupied a big part of my heart as well as my gaming shelf since Daggerfall. The primary reason for this exceptional longevity has been the incredible amount of modded content available for every title in the series since Morrowind. The incredible array of mods and third-party tools have turned the games from fun (but some times shallow) gaming experiences to something wholly special. New content, new quests, new companions, whole new landmasses and areas to explore -- all available for years and years and YEARS after launch. And then Valve and Bethesda decided that they wanted to make money on other people's mods. And they wanted a lot of it. In fact, they wanted 75% of it. The problems are already starting: Mods that were once free now cost money. The Steam workshop is being flooded with truly bad content designed to abuse the awful workshop system and cash in while they can. There are early access mods that ask for money up front for continued development. Popular gameplay-changing mods such as Midas Magic have been removed from The Nexus and other modding sites, and replaced with a paid version... and a freemium version which constantly gives you an in-game popup begging you to buy the full version. I am going to repeat that because it sounds vaguely important: We now have early access MODS. We now have in-game ads. For MODS. I cannot recommend any game that decides to make use of this new system Valve is trying to cram down our throats, designed to grab more money from their consumers in what I can only describe as a horribly unethical manner. The modding scene is - without hyperbole - under serious threat right now as a result of this horribly botched paywall implementation, and Valve is running serious damage control: banning players, removing comment sections, and hoping everything will blow over. And what's worse is, it very well MAY blow over. And in the meantime, SkyUI - the most downloaded accessibility/UI mod, a mod that makes the UI actually bearable, a mod that countless other mods depend on to function - has gone paid-only. We just lost a ton of content overnight. And unless I miss my mark, this is only beginning. THAT is why I cannot recommend Skyrim any more. I can no longer claim that you should buy this game, because mods have always been a big part of it for me, and that platform is now under duress. With the current ecosystem, it will become worse and worse and worse. I never felt sad for being a PC gamer, until now. Today is extremely disappointing. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Since writing this, Valve and Bethesda backed off from their paid mod system due to intense backlash. Valve has apologized, and given some indication that they understand our concerns. http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3434it/paid_mods_in_the_steam_workshop/ Bethesda has not, and not. http://www.bethblog.com/2015/04/27/why-were-trying-paid-skyrim-mods-on-steam/ Bethesda still seems to think they were in the right, and still seem to believe that mods behind a paywall is something they want to work on. They also seem to think that the pricing model was fair, and they are trying to claim that a 25%-45% split in favor of Bethesda over the modder is acceptable "because it is the industry standard"... in an industry where there is no precedent for this whatsoever. And also, importantly, neither party seems to understand that it's not the idea of giving money to content creators that was problematic in and of itself -- it was the system that was being imposed on us. It was the unfair monetization favoring corporations over content developers, it was the complete lack of quality control on the Steam Workshop store, and EXTRAORDINARILY IMPORTANTLY: it was the fact that the system was set up to allow for *mandatory* payment, which meant that modders started taking advantage of this by placing their formerly free mods under this paywall. This wreaked all kinds of havoc with the ecosystem, what with mods being dependent on each other, and compatibility issues being a prevalent nut to crack. "Even though we had the best intentions, the feedback has been clear  this is not a feature you want. Your support means everything to us, and we hear you." - Bethesda No. You DON'T hear us. If you did, you and Valve would openly discuss the pricing point with the community. If you did, you and Valve would realize that the mandatory paywall was the problem. If you did, in fact, hear us, you would have pulled the plug on this project instead of letting Valve make all of the decisions for you. If Valve hadn't caved there would still be a paywall, Bethesda would still be taking a 45% cut, and Bethesda would be doing their damnedest to justify it. I will change this review back to positive if Bethesda ever makes good on their claims to support the modding scene in a positive way, which will only happen if these companies actually start listening.]Valve and Bethesda adding in paid mods for Skyrim has resulted in supreme backlash for a good reason (so far the positive rating % has dropped from 98% to 89%). You can now buy broken- mods for 3 and use them while using your broken 40p sword and eating a broken 20p carrot. It's like Early Access but it's even ier, hiding mods behind a in' paywall. And real, good mod developers would only get 25% of the revenue cut by choosing this way anyway. Valve and Bethesda are literally assing the consumers AND the mod developers.]I cannot recommend this game due to the recently implemented paywall for mods.]This game supports corporate bottom line and not creativity.]Putting mods behind a paywall is bad enough. And then you only give 25% of that to the modder? What.]This game is sheite because of paid Maude's]I refuse to pay for mods.]Paid mods for this game has earned a negative review.]I don't support games that want to monetize mods. Don't buy this game.]So this game is great, but when I recently tried to play it, I realized that all of the mods that I had originally used throughout my playthrough is now for whatever reason requiring money. I payed for the game and seeing mods being pay to play just seems ludicrous, not to denote content creators, especially the ones I've donated to in the past (you know who you are), but this is not something I agreed upon.]could not get game to work tried every thing recomened]This game took a giant downfall once paid DLC is a thing. Do not buy.]Paid Mods? Really? That completely destroys the purpose of a mod. Rethink this decision.]Very disappointing with the direction this game has taken. Do not support at all.]New mod policy, especially with the huge cut valve is taking without any quality control or reasonable return policy. A shame.]DLC Mods. If the idea of this doesn't disgust you to no end, I don;t know what will.]So begins the greatest torm of our time]Very disappointing with the direction this game has taken. Do not support at all.]New mod policy, especially with the huge cut valve is taking without any quality control or reasonable return policy. A shame.]DLC Mods. If the idea of this doesn't disgust you to no end, I don;t know what will.]So begins the greatest torm of our time]its a amazing game and the mods makes is so much better, but now they are behinde a paywall i have quit it.. paying for mods is not about the modders valve never have never will be.. its just another way for them to make money of others work a 75% cut to valve and a 25% to the modders ...]Really good game, mainly due to the mods. Bethesda puts out ok games that are some what half  in my opinion and they rely on the modding community to pick up there slack. Now they want to take 75% of the modders profits. What a joke, and unffortunatly now I have to not recommend Skyrim.]Skyrim is a great game. Mostly because of all the great mods enhancing the existing gameplay and content. Sadly now Valve have started charging for their mods. So in order to enjoy Skyrim properly one would have to cough up hundreds of dollars if all mods costed money. Last time I played Skyrim I had 526 mods of various complexity installed. With an average price of 2 dollars(if Valve had their way and all mods had a price) that's still more than 1000 dollars to enjoy the game. NO THANKS VALVE.]Paid mods may be the single worst idea that any person or corporation has ever had.]25% for Modder? " I N G" GREEDY "B A S T A R D" . Give them 50% or just put the Donate button.]Paid mods is an attrocious move to sqeeze money out of players. Paywalls on mods is very disrespectful to players and the game itself.]Was great. Then Steam started selling mods.]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting]You know why.]Pay for free mods. Gaben is now dead to me.]Thank you Valve, Bethesda, and the modders that decided to sell out and will sell out in the future once other companies decide to rely on you to finish their games.]Paid mods ruined a great game.]This whole payed mod system is flawed and messy. I think a simple donation button would have sufficed.]In the past i'd always have recommended this game. Skyrim is famous for being a buggy mess, with bad graphics, horrible combat, shallow NPCs and a boring story. But it's also one of the best PC games of all time, thanks entirely to huge and dedicated community that turned a bad game into a modding platform of unprecedented scale. Without mod support and the commitment of a loving fanbase this game would have gone down in history as a lake as deep as a puddle. Mods opened it up to infinite replayability, infinite content. Bethesda and Valve are now working to crush this game's life support system. It will die slowly, as they rip the once-united community asunder by greed. Mods that worked together and relied on each other are being dragged down by spider's webs of paywalls like the mod SkyUI. Modders are releasing awful mods for ridiculous prices in a race to make a quick buck. Gone are the passion, the dedication. The modding community that has thrived for years is dying. Thieves are exploiting the system to upload other's content and charge for it. Careless modders could, in the past, be forgiven for a flawed product, unprofessional conduct, glitches or crashes. They cannot be held to the higher standard required of a paid product. Already, large mods have downgraded their free versions and moved the full version to behind a paywall. Content that was once free has been taken from us. Bethesda are making a profit from mods like SkyUI that were created to fix the issues with their game; they're being rewarded for creating a terrible interface, and what's more, the modder is only getting a tiny cut of the money. Don't buy Skyrim. Without mods, it's a flawed, glitchy, dated, ugly mess. Until Bethesda and Steam rescind their idiotic stance on paid mods it's impossible for me to support a game that I love.]Mods are required to enjoy the game. You need to be a mod professor to get it to work without crashing if you want to install anything more advanced than additional hats.]I categorically refuse to support this paid mod crap, especially considering that the modder only gets 25%. Edit: They reverted the whole paid mod thing, but the damage to the modding community has already been done. I don't know if I will be able to trust bethesda again after this.]A once great game that will now forever be remembered as the game that attempted to monetize the modding community.]Before paid mods this was great game, but now with the introducing paid mods I can't recommend this game. It's a sad state for PC gaming if this is the future of PC gaming. I can't see myself wanting the next Fallout or Elder Scrolls game if this concept stays. The only reason to buy those two series is because of the awesome mod community at this time I only see this as hurting the mod community.]Paid mods? No.]Riddled with bad quality 3rd party DLC's. Microtransaction hell.]I really love Morrowind and Oblivion, but this consolified crap with ridiculous mod system? No, thank you. There's a bunch of great alternatives if you are looking for an open world medieval/fantasy RPG... some of them even DRM free :)]I've played this game pretty extensively. Part of what makes it great is the massive amounts of modding that can be done to really make this game as close to perfect as possible. However, Valve and Bethesda now decided to start putting mods behind a paywall. This has already resulted in massive outrage, stealing of mods, and my own personal dissapointment in both companies. Many modders are even upset about this. Putting what was free content behind a paywall isntead of a donation option is ridiculous.]Vuck Falve. Buck Fethesda. So you want to charge the average customer even more money to download mods? As if we don't have other things to spend our hard earned cash on? Nah... sorry. Not going to buy into that. 'Aint going to happen baby cakes. I cannot fully express my discontent at the moment. However, I will put Valve, and Bethesda on my five year list. Meaning, in five years, I will be seeing those responsible for this atrocity, directly. Enjoy it while you can.]Great game until they started selling mods for moneygrabs.]Bought this game because I was amazed by the sheer number of community supported mods, now I feel like it wasn't worth the purchase.]Against paid mod on Steam.]Skyrim's a good game that becomes an amazing game thanks to mods. I got my fun out of it, but you won't, with the way things are changing here.]Was a great game because of mods now you have to pay its completly]I cannot recommend game bc of the whole fiasco with the modding situation, it needs to be fixed soon]"The game is very good, excellent even. Too bad it is a pioneer of a despicable business practice of paid modding. I'm sorry. I've bought every DLC, I won't be paying cash for small mods based on somebody else's work. Will this game kill the PC modding community? Only you can decide!" Same feeling. Good game and incredibly bad innovation. A very bad example for other companies and modders community.]Now that mods are behind a pay wall there is no real reason to even buy this on the PC.]edit: they removed paid mods but here's the original review Congratulations, you spent upwards to $40 to buy Skyrim. You bought it on PC so you could download those sweet mods your friends always bragged that they had. You go to the Workshop to go get some of these amazing mods, and then you notice price tags strewn about everywhere. Everything is behind a paywall, and if you wanted every mod you saw that was interesting, You would have to spend more than the GAME ITSELF just to use it. Is it guaranteed to work? Of course not! BUT, Valve added a feature where you could "refund" the mod for 24 hours. But... there's ANOTHER catch. Some mods don't work together, so if you bought your fancy $5 mod and you got some other $2 mod, they might not work together. Congratulations! You spent $7 dollars on DLC that doesn't work. What are the modders gonna do about it, they just want the money. But what's even worse, is the modders only get 25% of the profit. ANNNNNNDDDD... they only recieve their money through steam wallet. What the hell are you gonna need steam wallet money for when you're raking in like 3 cents everytime some jerkoff buys your 25 cent mod of some  sword? OH WAIT, THERES MORE! The modders themselves don't even get the money from the mods until THEIR MOD sells enoguh for them to MAKE $100, and remember, they only get 25% of that money. So, if you had 25 cent mod, it would have to make FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS in sales for you to even get paid for your "paid" mod. R.I.P PC Skyrim and Mods. November 11, 2011 - April 23, 2015]Silly Gabe and his paid mods 0/10 :(]Bethesda showed us the whip they wanted to beat us with. Paid mods.. Gone now, but never forgotten.]Heard there was a great modding community and it was on sale 75% off. Then they made mods paid. Gr8 b8 m8, being sure to r8, 8/8 on the b8 7/10 on the game -333/you on the paid mods issue.]Paid mods disgust me, and I thought we were already ed with the current DLC . Way to go, Valve.]Paying for mods? lol no]Pay for half a dozen DLCs, now pay for 15000 mods. Next step is probably buy weapons ingame with real money. You just shot yourself in the foot Bethesda and Valve.]Paid Mods are a terrible idea that I won't support. 1/10]Bethesda and Valve are jews]Thanks to Steams introduction of paid mods, the mod community is now threatened due to this new outbreak. Now its not wrong for modders to be compensated for their mods. Then what is the problem of having to pay for mod? Well many mods are being taken from the nexus mod manager and being uploaded by someone else. Efficetively stealing their hard work.]Buy your extra cheesewheels, only 69.69!]The game was alright, not as good as Oblivion but not a bad game overall. I give it a Thumbs Down for two reasons: 1. Those of us that pre-ordered the game STILL have no cheap option to buy all DLC included in the "Legendary" edition. I paid $60 for the base game with no DLC and "Legendary" edition is only $40 I think with no option to upgrade from base. Even during a weekend deal on Skyrim the "Legendary" edition is only $14 while the DLC is $17!? How is the DLC more expensive than the base game + DLC!? Why do they hate their pre-order fans so much and only give good deals to new people? 2. Paid mods. This is not an effort to support modders and give an option for people to make money doing what they love. From what I've read modders only get a 25% cut, that means Valve is taking in 75% FREE MONEY for work they didn't do. Providing a platform for sale does not entitle you to 75% of the profit made on said platform. tl;dr - If you never played the game, pick up the Legendary edition, it's a fun game ruined by both Bethesda's and Valve's greedy marketing schemes.]0/10 Cannot support a team willing to rip off their nodding community.]Changing the rules for how we interact with our games is not ok.]Valve/Bethesda pls.]wow Valve now you cut the great mod part off the game, what a shame. Workshop should be done inside of the community without develops. It's not a paid job creating a new dagger or something and creators knew it but it still held popular and people created stuff just for the community now its all over.]Added mods you need to pay for, went from 5/10 to 0/10. 10/10]Remove paid mods.]A so-so game that is best played with mods, but now those mods are behind a pay wall. Stick to earlier games and skip this one.]Really? Paid mods now? even by our current pathetic industry standards that is pretty scumtastic. Gotta say I'm pretty sickened by both valve and bethesda over this]I don't like the mods changes, would prefer the implemenation of a donate button instead.]Not paying for mods.]Has been in my backlog for a while: I've been putting it off until I was in the mood for epic fantasy, because I wanted to do it justice. As part of that, I was anticipating being able to select from a wide range of free mods to fix what I understand is an ambitious but buggy game. As I no longer have any idea how much it might cost me to mod the game to a workable state when I do come round to playing it, I cannot under any circumstances recommend the game.]paid mods what?]i took an arrow to the knee]With the change to paid Mods I can no longer support this game. A large part of the popularity of The Elder Scrolls series is the free Mods that anyone can make and use. To force people to pay for Mods devalues the product.]Skyrim and Valve are teaming up to create EA 2.0]This game was made with consoles in mind(Admitte by game designer in article). If you are going to play on a PC you must mod it to make it act like an actual PC game. The game is expansive and you can get lost in it. But it honestly does not bring anything new to the genre and especially not this game as it was released. If you cant mod this game by reading the reviews and find the 10 must have mods, dont bother getting it.]this game to Oblivion!]I like Skyrim. I don't like paying for community content. This review of a great game will remain negative, as well as my Steam game boycott until these changes are reverted.]Follow the herd]This game just took an arrow to the knee. Reason, PAID MODS]If I were looking to buy this today, I would not buy it on Steam.]Thank you for the giant middle finger now i know how you really feel about your games Paying Mod f*ck that sh*t]As much as I used to love Skyrim, I purchased this game for the extensive mods that add infinite replay value. If I could get a refund I would take that course of action, but now the free content that was available to me without going to great lengths is no longer at my disposal. I will likely never play again now that SkyUI has gone pay to play. Too bad too. Same old story for Fallout 4 too.]Broken game and broken mod community.]Had been thinking about reinstalling this since I got a new pc and could check out all the visual mods. NOT ANYMORE!]Negative review in support of the removal of the paid mods system Edit: Just because the paid mods system has been removed for now doesn't mean that they're not planning on bringing it back. Until they reveal a proper mod system, this review will stay negative.]As I see things, Valve just broke this game in hopes I'd pay them money to fix it. My current mod build has items I'd have to pay for to use again the next time I make a clean install of Skyrim to mould and manipulate. I would need to pay for access to mods I'm currently using. Many of my saves would not work without the content which now costs money to access. My game saves and future enjoyment of a game I payed full price for are being held for ransom.]We don't need paid mods in Skyrim or any games on steam, stop being greedy Valve just add a donation button to the workshop DLC.]Great game, but don't pay for mods. Perhaps a Donate to the Creator button is in order, but this is .]To be clear, this game is amazing. I've played it since it first came out in 2011 Bethesda did some excellent work here. I give it a thumbs down because of the new paid mods system. This will only drive players away from the game and also drive modders away from modding the game. It's a poor choice on Steam and Bethesda's part, who probably sat down in a room together and said 'a lot of people still play this game how can we make money off them?' I refuse to download any more mods from the Steam Workshop and I suggest everyone else does the same, it's the only way Steam\Bethesda will see how much the community disapproves and hopefully re-think this whole thing. Go to Nexus mods, where mods will always be free and mod developers come first over profits.]A bland, boring, souless game that's only great fetaure was an immense modding community that is now divided and partly behind a paywall]Mods are what make Bethesda games worth playing considering they can't be bothered to do the work themselves. With the advent of paid mods, there's no way Skyrim is worth it. Do yourself a favor and pound a nail through your foot. It's more fun than what Valve and Bethesda did to modding. EDIT: I'm not taking down this review now that the paid mod store has been removed. I want Bethesda to remember this incident when their next game comes along so they don't forget what happened.]I never really cared for Skyrim in the first place, and the introduction of paid mods made it even worse. The game seems impressive in scope (as to the amount of things you can do) but the entire experience is very shallow. In other words, the amount of things to do is proportional to the depth and complexity of each activity. Mods help to offset this flaw, but the introduction of paid mods has ruined the modding scene. For the moment, going to Nexus Mods will help you find the best mods out there, but this could change quickly. Better off spending your money elsewhere.]Don't encourage paid mods please. The game is mediocre at best without any, mods were complimentary. But I hate paying for a game twice, much less trice, much less each time i mod it.]Pay MODs is a terrible idea. The game is okay, but the precident is awful. It incentivises "Developers/Publishers" to release games with fewer features and incomplete interfaces with the expectation that the MODing community will fix the bugs and add the missing features. Not only does Bethesda not have to pay in-house developers to put features in the games, THEY GET PAID WHEN THE MOD COMMUNITY DOES IT FOR THEM!]Paying for mods is silly because modding is the only thing that makes Skyrim and all other games made by Bethesda even worth their asking price in the first place.]This game, and the Elder Scrolls games that came before it, have always been the pinnacle of variety in modding. If you want realism, you can get that in spades. If you want ridiculous stuff until you're swimming in cheese and lettuce there's probably a mod for that too. However the latest development of paid mods has caused a rift between developers, modders, customers, and modders which is damaging the entire community. It's a rare day to meet a PC TES player who doesn't run any mods, and this is just going to end up being another cheap cash flow for valve for the low low price of their integrity. Don't buy mods, it's not a good development the way it's been impemented. If it was a "pay what you want if you want to" or donation system that would have been wonderful. The game itself is good and with mods it's incredible but with paid mods it feels like the modern policy of nickel and diming everything to hell and back taken to a far worse degree than has ever been done before. If you're going to buy Skyrim for its modding capabilities, I'd think long and hard about what you'd be supporting and the chances of buying a non-functional mod or something that breaks things or corrupts your save. Don't support 3rd party DLC.]With paid mods comes great unhappiness]Paid mods, do not support this.]This game is truly a masterpiece... however it is ruined by paid mods. Shame on Valve. Shame on Bethesda.]When this game came out for console, I snatched it right up and played at least 200 hours. now that I have a good enough PC to play the game, I bought it through steam. I was so happy to finally be able to play the game AND mod it after I got bored of it. Well, looks like thats not happening anymore. Literally killed my experience of the game in PC.]Overnight you've managed to destroy the entire community for modding. Mods was why I bought the game. The instant you tried charging for them was the second any interest I had died. Skyrim is only still popular because of mods and now you're taking that away. You're a special kind of idiot, aint ya?]Pay for mods my]i got the cd and now its saying i have to purchase it again i played it for 1 hour what a waste of my time and money]I would give this game 7/10 as is on Steam... With modding 11/10. It was awesome. I do not have an issue with modders being paid for their work. Many sites like the Nexus have a donate button where you can donate what you feel the mod is worth. My issue is how Steam implemented modding. Modders do 100% of the work for their mods (I know some build on others' mods). They have no help from Steam or Bethesda other than Steam giving them a place to share the mods with the world. Now if a modder was selling content I can understand a share of it going to these companies BUT THEY TAKE 75% of the income! This i have issue with. Modders deserve way more than the 25% cut hence my negative review. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, THE WAY MODDING IS BEING MONITISED MEANS THAT ANY MORE THAN 10-15 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY NOW WILL COST YOU A LOT MORE THAN YOU BARGINED FOR, FOR ANY GOOD MOD FROM NOW ON :/.]An excellent game that's given me endless enjoyment, marred by the fact that it's been forced into being a guinea pig for an incredibly-crappy paid mod system over the last few days. A system where Valve/Bethesda gets a 75% cut of $400 minimum made monthly off a mod, and if the mod maker fails to reach $400 minimum in sales each month, they get ALL THE PROFIT. A system that's nothing but abusive, and made only to profit Valve and a game's makers, tossing pocket change to the people who did all of the work. A system which would be better replaced by an optional "donate directly to [mod maker]" system, which will never happen since the current paid mod system grossly profits Valve and the maker of any game involved. If you really have to get this good game, wait until all this paid mod crap has ended, hopefully with the system being removed entirely and things going back to before this weekend's fateful change. Don't support this horrifically-greedy business practice, whatever you do.]Get rid of paid mods and I'll recommend it.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve.]Protesting Valves Workshop Monetization.]Paying for mods? No thanks. To shame.]was a fun game until you had to pay for mods which patch the game so it's playable. which is the devs job or that's what i thought, anyways. pro: - very fun cons: -paid mods -modders only get 25% of the profit even though they did 100% of the work -the paid mods out now are crap and looks like they were thrown together rather hastely]The free mods community made this series. Marrowind was the reason I got into pc gaming. By trying to cash in on popular mods that fixed their game, they've severely damaged the community and the only reason they're popular on PC. Because of that, I can't in good faith endorse this game anymore, or any other future TES/FO games that attempt to lock mods behind a paywall. Free, easily accessible mods are what make pc gaming.... Pc gaming.]I rebought this game on the PC and all of its DLC specifically for the mod community that was built up around it. Beth got a second sale out of me specifically for this game. I have convinced people to buy it or rebuy it on PC specifically for that same reason. I can no longer in good consience recommend it, until this "paywall" fiasco is done with.]You know what you did Bethesda.]Paid mods? I do not recommend this game.]Mile wide, inch deep. Way to streamlined and simple in comparision to the older Elder Scrolls games such as Morrowind.]NEIN! Putting mods behind a PAYWALL. damn fix this  vavle.]The fact that valve even begins to think hiding mods behind a paywall is a good idea is ridiculous. Monetizing the modding community will turn it into a market saturated with horendous products exactly like that of Apple's app store. The only difference between this and apple is the fact that apple gives the developers 75% of the income. I never thought there'd be a day where I would respect apple moreso than I respect valve/bethesda]I used to dig this game due to its cool mods. Guess that's over now.]i love this game but no paid mod, dislike recommend this game without paid mod]They've got paid mods. PAID mods.]The cold and calculating exploitation of modders has utterly soiled both the company that made this game and Valve. Utterly, utterly, shameful.]Bugfesta has always relied on the free mods to make thier games good enough for the long run. Hell, most of them are just fixes. So, no, With the current malarky, I canne support this.]fake free play.. and 2 days. buy... @_@]Boo on Valve and Bethesda for the poorly implemented paid mods!]Valve and Bethesda can kindly f*** off with this paid mod . Down voted for money whoring.]A bland, boring, souless game that's only great fetaure was an immense modding community that is now divided and partly behind a paywall]Mods are what make Bethesda games worth playing considering they can't be bothered to do the work themselves. With the advent of paid mods, there's no way Skyrim is worth it. Do yourself a favor and pound a nail through your foot. It's more fun than what Valve and Bethesda did to modding. EDIT: I'm not taking down this review now that the paid mod store has been removed. I want Bethesda to remember this incident when their next game comes along so they don't forget what happened.]Mods are the only reason this was ever a good game. Now that mods must be paid for, this game has become a trap. Mod quality is not regulated, nor is functionality guaranteed. It will be impossible to know what is worth the price and what isn't, what will work together and what won't, and most of the mod content is stolen from other games and artists. How valve ever thought this was a good idea... Avoid this trap.]I used to love this game. It is the most played game I have ever owned. However, paid mods.  YOU  YOU  YOU  YOU  YOU  YOU EA STEAM!!!!! I am not against modders being paid BY WHY DO WE PAY  YOU  YOU  YOU EA I MEAN STEAM! Also, WHY STEAL 75% OF THE MONEY FROM THE MODDERS!!! ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]Down with paid mods. what the hell is wrong with you Valve? Seriously, is greed all that drives you now? Put up a damn donation button for modders, you don't deserve to make money off their work and neither does Bethesda. Much respect has been lost this day.]Paid mods. Really...]of bethesda]This game has paid mods. Do not buy it.]WTF?? Do not show your support for this greed ,unbelievable !!!]Paid mods are now a thing it seems. Nuff' said.]Paid mods will ruin this game.]Why not destroy this community?]I cannot recommend this game due to what valve has done to the modding scene for this game with the paid mods system. Do not buy this.]Atleast now the 13 year olds have to steal their moms creditcards to pay for their porn.]Remember when Bethesda and Steam ruined the modding community?]Now with Valve's misconstrued idea about mods being capitalized upon by big wig company giving the creator a meager percentage (i.e 20%) for their creation. The reason for mods is to create FREE content for the community to enjoy and have greater experience in the game, not to have 3rd party DLC where the company makes the money for no effort while the creator gets a few copper nickles. This is an EA move if I have ever seen one, and it must be reprimanded at once if we are to enjoy our games like the modders ORIGINALLY intended, not to see a bunch of couch potatoes make  change for a  mods.]I think you already know why this isn't getting recommended.]It's a wonderful game 10/10, but I'm NOT paying for Mods that are supposed to be free:(]Valve ruined it.]After steam took the market of mods and now im forced to pay for fixes or ways to improve this game, no i wouldn't recommend this, pirate it with all the DLC and then download some free mods on the Nexus so you can hide the horrendous job Bethesda did with this game compared to Oblivion, you are going to notice that every dungeon is just a cave filled with Draugrs or Spider, only with a Dragon Priest at the end and nothing more.]Modding made this a great game, cannot recommend it under this terrible paid mod approach]Look I'm all for giving creators their due when they work hard to make these mods... but steam taking 75% from a game they never even touched it complete bs. I would honestly suggest people to find other sources for mods until steam atleast gives modders a fair cut.]Pay for Mods, o hell no. This game is great with free mods Arise Dark Lord Gaben]Not a good game without extensive modding.]It was brilliant, but paid mods are a couple of miles past the line. This game is made by mods and is a mediocre rpg at best without them.]valve and bethesda, they are so fu***ing greedy, don't support them.]Paid mods go against the whole Lego-like experience you could have adding and removing mods. Your chance to experiment is gone, so is the longevity of any game which monetizes mods.]Free mods = Good Game Paid mods = Bad Game It's simple math]I'm not paying for mods, this game is dead to me now! I have played Elder Scrolls games since Morrowind, and the content that was in that game was far greater than any game since!! In my opinion Bethesda always failed deliver a game with the same experience that Morrowind delivered, dumbing down the experience and depth every time, thus making mods an integral part of the new games! For if the company that makes the game failed to deliver a complete experience, like minded folks would then create content for there own games and want to share it with the community. I hope this bad move by Valve is the downfall of steam and a new platform that only allows free mods rises up. Greedy Greedy Greedy what is it like 75% for Valve 25% to the makers hahahahahahaha C you next Tuesday's!!!]1. Buy game. 2. Install game. 3. Have fun with unmodded Skyrim. 4. Pay more. 5. Enjoy game thats modded. 9/10]Its a very good game, but the new paid mod mechanic has divided the userbase. The rating will go to recommended once this mistake by Valve has been fixed.]This was a great game. But then the $$ came.]Modding communities are what keep older great games alive, I understand the need to support the mod makers for all their work, but paid mods on the workshop page? Really? And the real kicker is that Valve is removing the donation links on free mods. This entire service is going to hell.]Directly contributing to paywalled mods and the death of a scene I have enjoyed for years is not something I support, no matter how much I like the game. I cannot recommend anyone buys this now.]Skyrim is an okay game on its own, and made great with the addition of mods. But now with paid mods, Skyrim will return to just being an okay game as I will not be playing for third-party DLC.]This game was amazing, until Valve and Bethesda decided they wanted to become like EA, and take even more money from consumers. The difference is EA actually makes their DLC, while Bethesda doesn't anymore, they piggyback off of others.]I feel justified to post a rant here regarding Valve and Bethe$da's shady practices regarding paid mods. As you may know, Valve and Bethesda Game Studios have announced paid mods for Skyrim - and it is an utter disaster. No, they aren't bugged and they aren't ridiculously overpriced - it's the fact that the MODDERS who actually CREATED the mod get next to nothing from these paid mods - they only get 25% of the cut while the other 75% goes to the other two greedy corporations Valve and Bethesda, who have done absolutely nothing regarding the creation a modder's intellectual property. What. The. . Yes, you read that right. The modders themselves only take home 25% of the money made from the sale of their OWN MODS. The rest is split between Valv and Bethe$da. This is far below even the  APPLE STORE, which gives app creators at least 70% of the cash. 25% is abysmally low - especially considering that the modders are the ones putting in the time and effort to create these things for us to enjoy! Mods have kept Skyrim alive for years, otherwise many would have stopped playing. Bethe$da is choosing to look at the paid modding situation like Why are these players not giving us money? rather than Wow, this is amazing advertising and community-building for our game! Modders love the games they mod, and that is why they spend so much time on their creations. Changing it around and turning modders - your own loyal fans - into cows ripe for the milking is not one bit fair. This new system will create a flood of new, unskilled modders who arent the type of players doing it for the love of the game and its community, but rather people trying to simply reskin an iron sword and sell it for 5 bucks - or why not have the consumers pay 20 bucks so the modder can actually get the 5 bucks in the first place?. The game will be overloaded with this kind of crap, and it puts a black mark on the entire modding community. You may as well say goodbye to great mods like appearing in the store, and instead expect to see it flooded with crappy reskins and broken everything from people looking to make a quick buck from little effort. Already, one of these paid mods has been taken down after the author of one mod claimed another user was selling their mod using animations that the author had originally created in his own mod. The seller of the new mod then claimed that Valve actually forbade him from contacting the original animator about using his work because of some sort of NDA about the store. The crowd of people mentioned above could easily slide in and just start stealing other peoples work left and right and selling it on the store to make some juicy cash - even if they aren't making an awful lot. Even if Valve has some sort of report system for stolen mods in place, its going to be a pain in the butt to sift through true and  claims based on who stole whose work and who has the rights to the original mod and so on. Its a big time bomb waiting to blow - just wait and see. Here's another thing that could happen with this shady new practice. Lets say that Bethesda wants to make another Skyrim DLC about what happened to the Dwarves or something like that. They want to make a new piece of equipment for the DLC, but the piece of gear in particular is proving difficult to animate and operate effectively on the PC version of Skyrim. They have two options. Under this new system do they A) Work really hard on it and release the new piece of gear or B) say The modders have lots of creative ideas, lets just promote their paid mod in the workshop. Under the old system, Bethesda would have been motivated to make the piece of gear themselves, but under the paid mod system, someone is doing all the hard work for them, and theyre taking 75% of the revenue for each piece of gear sold. Now let's say 1000 pieces of gear have been sold for 10 bucks each - Bethesda is getting $7500 from it when they did absolutely nothing, and the modder who went through all that hard work to create the new piece of gear is only getting $2500 - that's still alot of money, but do you know how much more he could be making from the mod that he created all by himself with absolutely no assistance from Bethesda or Valve? Im not saying this is going to happen for sure, but when a company can charge consumers for something that an independent modder created, but you can certainly bet that there are opportunities sitting there. Please do not buy Skyrim. These kinds of shady practices must absolutely not be tolerated - we have enough money-grubbing in the gaming industry as it is from companies such as Ubisoft and EA, we don't need more money-grubbing from Valve and Bethe$da.]I will never support mods being behind a paywall, please introduce donations and let modders get a bigger cut!]I bought this game so I could install mods and play around with it (I already had it for Xbox). Now Valve and Bethesda want me to pay for the game a third time to do what I was told I'd be able to do just by purchasing it the second time. Until they remove paid mods or change they system so that valve and bethesda get no cut of the profits, do not buy this game.]I really do like this game and would recommend it, but I cannot give a positive review. The paid workshop is such a bad move that the game has to receive a negative one. Buy the game if you are interested but do NOT buy any mods, it's a scam.]The game was fantastic with mods. I decided to unistall it when I saw Valve started charging for mods. I support them doing that, but they went at it the wrong way. So for now 0/10]Was a cool game until Valve ruined it. Now i regret buying this.]Skyrim is amazing. Paid mods? Not so much.]Paid Mods for Skyrim. Do not buy.]Paid mods are the reason why I do not recommend Skyrim currently. They do so much to prolong the game's life. A donation button would have fared better than this system currently in place.]Don't allow companies to nickle and dime you for this paid mods nonsense Game is well worth playing however.]Paid reviews are bad. MKAY]Paid mods. What more can be said?]i REALLY love the game of Skyrim but the reason i do isnt because of the game you start with its because of the game you can make with the mods if you want to be a vampire hunter and go around killing all the bloodsuckers but dont like the fact that you pick up "Vampire Dust" from a body that is not dust you can mod it and therein lies the problem because have it the makers of the game patches it so that you can no longer use the mod OR makes the mod useless by adding the effect themselves in a update then you paid for something that is useless. ALSO IF ANYONE CARES: i feel like a very despicable human for giving this game a Thumbs Down because after 800+ hours playing it its obvious i dont dislike or hate this game and its only real bugs come from the fact that most of instaltions of this are held together by ducttape and mod patches for patches that where for an update to a patch for a mod that let you have a gaint lydia fight a fully nude "test jeremy big"]I used to love this game but now they have paid workshop i mean come on why do I need to buy even more from they just to have. I guess all I have to say is I'M NEVER BUYING FROM BETHESDA EVER AGAIN][This comment was modified by a moderator, pay 1.99$ to view it.]]Great core game marred by a paywall modding system.]Fun for the first 10 hours or so, gets repetitive and boring afterwards. Also world is very blank and game is clunky. It used to get better with mods, but you know; I won't bother with all this idiocy. Just uninstalled it and don't think will play this on any of my steam accounts.]paid mods will kill this game]i played this game for over 200 hours on my PS3. After finally building a gaming PC that could run this well i started to feel burned out with the game. Mods changed this. They allowed me to change my game to something new and refreshing. The Steam Workshop and the Nexus made this process simple and even fun. Saying all of this I can't stand for companies making mods a pay to use thing. It is a shame that a game with such a great community is being split over this. Bethesda and Valve need to rethink what they have done with this.]You have to pay for mods now.]Vote with your wallet, don't support paid mods, support donation buttons.]Bethesda and Valve are putting mods behind a paywall which require no quality control or assurance of support following upcoming patches. Mods are responsible for many bugfixes and provide life to an otherwise bland, and generic game both visually and gameplay-wise. I would not have purchased this game if I had known this would become an issue in the future.]This happens when you hand over control of the files on your computer to an online entitiy. I told ya. Also: Capitalism is about control of the masses, just like communism. Communism controls you through brute force while capitalism lures you in with seemingly cheap offers and then stripps you naked once they own you.]10 Euros for skyrim? That's a bargain! ... until you realise mods cost money and that brings the total price up to 100 Euros...]Nickel and diming take away from an otherwise enjoyable experience. I will be a bit more wary with this developer going forward, since they do not seem to have their customer's long-term interest in mind.]The game is worth playing through once vanilla. but the mods are what continue to keep this game alive. With the introduction of paid mods, this game's days are numbered.]This is not a review of the game. Anyone who has even remotely heard of or played skyrim knows that the gameplay is of course amazing... No, this is about paid mods. I can not believe Valve thought this would be a good idea. To one of the best gaming platforms, you have made a BIG. ING. MISTAKE.]Due to Valve's new paid modding policy this game is soon dying. It was fun while it lasted.]Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim My thoughts on the game is a bit mixed, The game itself gets boring after the first play through and after that I personally do not see any replay value, If you played Skyrim with mods you know it refreshes your experience it is like a whole new game where you most likely are having fun more then the Vanilla version. Bethesda and Valve has introduced a new system for Mods now.. A payment system, Bethesda released a game with little replay value and the only reason it is still alive to this day is because of mods! Now they want to make a profit off modders after they kept their game alive??!! Without mods this game isn't even worth considering buying, The mods that do actually make a big difference in game play is usually half the price of the game. Until they fix this I recommend to stay as far away from this game as possible and the greedy Bethesda with their shady money grabbing techniques.]Essentially ruining years of work by the modding community in one swift blow. Good job guys.]Let's be honest, vanilla Skyrim is a 7/10 game. Good but, forgettable. Mods is what really made Skyrim shine as a 10/10 game. Mods can significantly change the gameplay of a playthrough for the better. With the possibility that mods turning into the new payable DLC is going to change the gaming industry for the worst. Bethesda introduced DLC in Oblivion with horse armor and that gained momentum for better or worse. Now I take a stand and don't want Bethesda to introduce P2P mods as the new norm for the gaming industry. What'll be next? Having to pay irl money for each quest or each new piece of armor in the next Elder Scroll game? In the next Fallout Game? In any new game post 2015?]This game 10/10 with mods, but 0/10 with paid mods. I'm done !]Skyrim is a great game, however Skyrim is a great game because of its modding community... I remember when this game first came out it turned out to be a bit of a dissapointment due to how bland everything felt in the world, the game by itself it over-simplified and probably one of the most boring of the entire series. not to long after release this game was saved not by bethesda but by its modding community, because of mods i have put hundreds of hours into this game. with the new mod paywall I cannot in my right mind recommend that you buy this game. As a matter of fact, after being a loyal steam costumer for 8 years now, I will suspending buying any games directly from Steam until the mod paywall is removed.]I can't fault the base game but Valve's choice to keep mods behind a paywall and then leaving the creators of the mod with only 25% of the cut from the sales is disgraceful. I have no idea why they think they are entitled to 30% of the money when they have absolutely nothing to do with either Skyrim or the content from the modding community. As many others have said, a simple donate button would have helped show support for modders which you would think Valve would have been happy to do, considering they owe their own success due to mods of their games.]Great game, but come on bethesda?! 45% percent share of profit for something you didn't create....]Devs released an unfinished game. Now they and Valve want to be paid for their "hard work" of watching other people finish creating the game for them.]Will only recommend this game when paid mods arnt here]This was a pretty good game since it had such an excellent modding community. Unfortunatly Valve and Bethesda got greedy and decided to charge money for mods. Paid mods are bad.]I've played a lot on here and 8x as much on Xbox, but I can't support this. Skyrim died when Valve wanted to make a quick buck by charging for mods. Edit: We won, but at what cost? Chesko's gone, the community is in ruin, and they may try this again.]Edit: They removed the paying for mods but it was still a dirty try. My opinion stays the same. Original review: Game is very good but I dont think that taking the "pay for mods" approach is a good thing. Steam planned this together with mod creators and some creators use this system. Why only blame Steam and not the modders too? I would rather donate to a sincere guy who says: "I dont support the new system but would be happy about every donation", than to a modder that wants money upfront. And what happens if the mod isnt compatible with my current mod library. Well then I just paid for nothing. Nice job Steam and greedy modders.]Paying for mods? nice one valve, you just put a huge dent in the skyrim community. Optional donations are ok but to start charging for them is completely against what makes skyrim such a great game. Fix this.]Boo for paid mods, comon great base game but buggy beyond all belief. This game wouldnt have lasted half as long without mods]Too much snow 7.8/10]Want to install a donate button so I can pay modders if I appreciate their efforts? Cool Ask for money for essentially 3rd party DLC that only 25% goes to the modder, and the rest goes to steam and the publisher for nearly no effort? Give publishers more of an excuse to make half-finished games and expect the workshop to pick up slack? Have a mod that becomes outdated with a future patch with no promise of quality control for a product that we are paying for? Nope. Not gonna buy into this.]I've been a part of the Elder Scrolls modding community for 10 years, I used to run a popular Morrowind/Oblivion modding site for a few years.....what Valve and Beth are doing is wrong on so many levels and will destroy the modding scene for TES.]The game is great. Paying for mods isn't. #FreeTheWorkShop ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]Starting off by saying great game! But enough with charging for mods. It's out right extortion. The ammount of money that have been made from Skyrim itself is enough to make anyone happy. And only giving the modder 25% is disgraceful! Enough stealing people's work and trying to pass them for "DLC".]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]I do not recommend this game to anyone. There is much better games that will keep allowing free mods... #FukValve and #FukSkyrim. GabeN was a god, He has now became a peasant. I do not support Steam anymore, i am going for gog.com and HumbleBundle. AND physical buy, so valve does not make one dime with me anymore. EVER. I love the game, i played most of my time on the Xbox360. I just got it this weekend on PC, just because 5$.. so don't look at my time on here. http://xboxgamertag.com/search/Doouble-Tap/]It's a huge game, but it has shallow storylines in all the main factions. Absolutely disappointed.]Pay 4.99$ to get a positive review.]This game was fun til Valve and Bethseda decided to charge for mods. If this is going to be the case for every other bethseda game, then you've lost a customer.]Donate, not forced purchase of mods. Most people would happily donate a few dollars to a mod maker if they had the option on steam but instead we're FORCED to buy them.]The game is actually good, though it never really got me into a fever. But having to pay for mods...seriously?! Just not acceptable.]I played this game to death on two platforms, I picked it up for 360 when I had my old craptop that could not run it and later got it for PC when I ascended simply for the mods. I never thought in a million years Bethesda and Valve would sink so low as to nickle and dime you for ing MODS, they are not even mods anymore they are community created DLC. Skyrim itself is while fun for 20~ hours is fairly "meh" afterwards, the real draw is the mods and man they added a LOT to the game. I don't know what came over Valve and GabeN but holy  they are turning into EA in a bad way. I can safely say without any uncertainty this will be the death of Skyrim modding, no one is going to put mods up for free now that they can make pennies for it yet no one is going to buy it. It's a crying shame. Quote me on this, Fallout 4 will launch with this feature and the modding scene will never take off, Bethesda I hope to God you are not this short sighted to not see mods are 70% of the reason your games even sell. Read the rest of this review for $1.99]Valve and Bethesda took a great modding community to a dark ally, ed it in the , beat it to death and then went trough its pockets for spare change.]This was one of my favourite games, but as long as paid mods exist, I cannot recommend it.]I can't climb that mountain Todd. You liar.]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]and here i thought bethesda and valve were the community companies while ea and ubishit were the greedy  corporations. :player name: human race :planet population: 7 billion :game turn: 2015 :current stat modifiers: -200000 FIHP (faith in humanity points)]Was a great game and one i would truely recommend, but after seeing the paid mods come out i cannot suggest running further away. i am running 80 mods after looking back at how many i have run in the past the count would be around 120+. usning the current prices Valve/Bethseda would have made more off doing nothing than they origanally made off me buying the buggy release that i had to have mods fix while they screwed around instead of fixing. for mods the size of Skywind i would have no problem paying, but $3.50 for a reskined sword? really? the only reason this game is still talked about today is due to the mode community to which have gladly donated when i saw work worthy of it. i will continue to donate to modders that deserve the work, but if you attempt to charge me up front for something that might break my game i will not give you a penny.]Pay for mods... WTF I guess CD Projeckt RED is the only company we can trust in..]Do not buy mods . Use nexus if you want free mods .]It used to be a nice game, untill it took a monetization to the mods.]Beardicus' Journal. April 23rd, 2015: Mod carcass in alley this morning, price tag on burst stomach. This company is afraid of me. I have seen its true face. The games are extended cash shops and the cash shops are full of money and when the bank finally overflows, all the employees will drown. The accumulated filth of all their hats and knife skins will foam up about their waists and all the content creators and publishers will look up and shout "Save us!"... and I'll whisper "no."]Get lost valve and bethesda with your paid mods. Another way to make steam worse. Greenlight and mod shop are inventions of satan himself.]Valve and Bethesda should stop trying to fix something that is not broken and focus on what is broken such as Valve's customer service and poorly optimized games. Stop seeing us as money milking sources! treat us like a fellow gamer and solve our problems. That way you will have strong supporters who buys and recommend your services. Making people pay for something you didn't do it yourself as a company and giving the 25% to the people who actually made it is wrong just disgustingly wrong.]Paid mods are not something that anyone should recommend.]Since the arrival of Paid Mods, this game is doomed to hell]If you have decided to force us to pay for mods that the community has built and no regulations on when or if they work why would i even bother with this game anymore?]Mods are the reason I purchased this game years after the fact. Paid mods is an outrage. I've donated money to several mod developers in the past to help support their particular vision.  Valve!]Thanks Valve for allowing people to charge as much for a suit of armor, as a full DLC. They have to charge this much because you're taking 75% of the revenue. Why Valve.... Why. The game itself is a great open world RPG, but the mods are what make a good game incredible.]Paying for mods? No thanks]Accursed Pay mods, nuff said!]You shouldn't pay for something that is supposed to be free.]Was a decent game, the ending was underwhelming, but there WERE lots of mods to play with and lots of ways to try new things. Now you have to pay a couple bucks to find out a mod isn't compatible with this other mod you paid a couple bucks for. I'm all for donations, some modders do amazing work, but a majority of mods are mediocre at best and have a tendency to conflict with other mods. Now modders are taking things off Nexus so they can try to make money for Valve, this has ruined my drive to go back and play Skyrim again.]Mods are what made this game stay alive and putting a paywall will kill it.]Putting ods behind a paywall is a poor decision by Valve/Bethesda]Paid mods, why bother?]I paid full price for this game in 2011 with the expectation of modding it fully. I did, with the help of an abundant and free modding community. Now, several of the mods which I used on a regular basis are on a charge-to-update status. I literally cannot beleive this, and will not support Valve or Bethesda's decision to monetize what was originally a free market.]Used to be one of my favorite games! And now you have to pay for mods...??? $1 can buy me a coke, or the entire game Doodle Jump for iPhone. Now that we know what a dollar is worth, if your $1 mod can't give me at least $1 worth of entertainment, then what good is it? Mods are wonderful things, but if they're just a hacked in item set that glitches, why would I pay my hard earned money for that? Of course, Bethesda is raking in dough regardless of our complaints, but if Steam continues to add paid mods, I'll take my business back to Amazon.]Too bland.]Paid mods made current saves unplayable as we now have to give money to continue the game with the mods that were already installed or make a start a new game and lose countless invested hours. I can't support this, especially since it's just a test for future Bethesda game. I don't want them releasing even buggier games and recieving money from modders that always fix their games.]What can I say thats not already been said by everyone else? With paid mods it can only go downhill from here.]I bought this game as it builds on the best parts of pc gaming -Extensive mods -Free modding -Long gameplay Sadly most of it is trashed now.  THIS GAME  PAID MODS.]With the move to support paid modding, I can no longer recommend this game. Aside from the issues inherent in giving modders merely 25% of revenue (and only that after they acrue $100 of payout) and forcing modders to irrevocably sign away rights to their own work, this move is already creating paywalls in front of long time free mods and drastically increasing the difficulty, let alone the cost, of playing a modded game. Vanilla Skyrim is a decent game, with console optimized controls and menus even on PC and a very wide but shallow pool of content. Modded Skyrim, prior to the release of paid Workshop content, was one of the most customizable and rich experiences in modern gaming. Unfortuantely, if the paid Workshop is not scraped, to experience that now would likely cost upwards of $100 of amateur coded mods. Many of these mods were built off of and rely on the freely provided work of others, only to see both Valve and unscrupulous modders abandon the community to cash in on a quick buck. Neither Valve nor the mod developer has any contractual obligation to support any mods you purchase; a game update or another mod could cause conflicts, crashing your game and effectively running away with your money. Worse, the Steam Workshop provides almost no useful tools to resolve such conflicts or errors on your own. Buyer beware.]Vast as an ocean, deep as a puddle, buggier than a Detroit callgirl's pubic hair, and most recently a testbed for horrifying new abuses against consumers.]Paids mods overall isn't that bad of an idea but their are lot of problems with it now >Bethesda taking 45%, Valve taking 30% leaving 25% for the creator >Literally 0 curation by Valve/Bethesda meaning if a mod breaks your game, corrupts your save file, doesn't work after game patch, Bethesda and Valve won't move a finger >Stolen content from nexus posted on steam workshop >$5 weapon skins, that is worse than what Activision charges for CoD skins, at least they are professionally made and don't break the game and if they do, there will likely be a fix]How to destroy a fanbase]Skyrim is a good game on it's own, but with mods it becomes amazing. But with paid for Mods that are more like mirco-transactions on a bad mobile game, this game is a fail. Putting a pay-wall up is not how you make a good modding community.]Used to be decent, then it took paid mods to its wallet.]The game itself is without a doubt a 10/10 - BUT - the new "Paid mod policy" is complete . I still think you should give it a go, and you can still get alot of great mods for free on the Skyrim Nexus. Dear Valve, please stop. You're kicking yourself in the balls with this new policy! look, Gaben. I understand that you need money, but MODS ARE MEANT TO BE FREE! *sigh*]your paid mod . I regret buying this game.]This game had amazing potential, but was released with glaring bugs and issues. It used to be reasonable as there were free mods available to tailor it to perform and behave as any player wished. Now that any game mods and fixes from third parties are potentially for pay, one cannot simply look at the price tag for this game and consider that the final price of the game. I feel sorry for anyone who might buy this after 4/23/15. When they say "your experience may vary" it's true and possibly depends on how much you truly end up spending on the game.]Paid mods. Nothing more to say. The game may be good but mods were what made the game great.]Paid mods as of April 24th 2015. $1.99 for some fancy armor. $4.99 for some fancy weather effects, all of which used to free. If we want to support the modders give a donate thing instead of flate rate price. Heck, the game on sale is $4.99 and mods cost as much as that now. Hence the reason of this negative review. Otherwise, if you don't care about mods really or paying for them, this game is the best medieval RPG I've ever played and it won't be topped for a long time.]It was one of the best games i played so far. but now they want us to pay for simple community mods?! this is the first step of PC gaming's end. And Bethesda seems to be the new EA or Ubisoft. Dont buy this game till its fixed!]Showing my support for the modding community by downvoting this game until Valve takes their hand out of the cookie jar. We already payed you a truck load of money for the game 'you' made. You want more money then you start making mods.]i might recommend this game if it functioned!]Just say no to paid mods. This is an amazing game, but if Steam is gonna go the paid mod route, I'd recommend buying it on Amazon or GameStop's website and then going to the Mods Nexus to get your mods. Come on Valve. You used to be the best, and now you're just becoming EA. If you want to support modders make a donate button.]Great game. However  paid mods.]I love this game so much and have loved it. This negative review is to fight against the rapacious acts taken for the steam workshop modding. I will not be paying money for any of that. Don't you either.]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits. Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly.]If this is the direction Steam and Valve are heading with paid mods, my heart is broken that something so awesome once is going to  with most of the rest of the video game industry.]GETFREE!!   The Steam Community is about sharing your work. Have good ideas and help to improve each other. That makes us diffrent of the gaming companies. >>>> Post this every each paid mod you see in steam <<<< Because we don't wan't to let end up steam in a greedy for money- gaming platform. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]Donations are the way to go, charging money will destroy skyrim nexus, causing mods to dissapear entirely. The fees will not be enough incentive for creativity with 3/4 of the price being taken away by steam. This would only artificially raise prices, and make buying mods less attractive, when they have circulated for free for quite sometime. Valve's "tax rate" for the mods should come down significantly, so most of the revenue goes to the entrepreneuring mod authors. That would give modders a break and reduce the prices to more reasonable rates, and people might buy them. Still, donations are the way to go, as skyrim nexus has shown- and the quality of the mods are far superior than that of the workshop- many of the workshop mods first being posted in the nexus. Skyrim is only great with mods, but the pricing of these mods would discourage people from buying it. The old system was better when modder's creativity attracted people to buy the full game.]The only reason I bought Bethesda games was for the mods, but now that you have paid for mods theres no point in buying Bethesdas games anymore. On the bright side, I get to save money by not purchasing there games anymore. You know something wrong when steam is making origin look good.]SKYRIM+PAYING FOR MODS=EA LITTLE DLC'S ? A Skyrim mod formerly on Nexus for free is now on Steam for a price. This could be the beginning of the end for mods.]Until microtransactions are removed I cannot recommend this game]Mods for a barely 4 year old games now require money while mods for a 20 year old game remain free. 0/10 would Doom 2 again.]It absolutely pains me to downvote this game but paid mods are unacceptable.]I enjoyed this game on release, despite the bugs. However its final patch left the game in a nearly unplayable state, with the simple sentiment of "Let mods fix it" and mods do fix it. I would not recommend this game, as the modding community slowly dies out from the new paid mod scam, the one thing that kept this game relevant for so long will evaporate into thin air.]Who's fault it it now? The ones that make the game, the providers of said game, or the people that play it? You people at Valve and Bathesda... The people responsible. Stop this bull right now. You are not fooling us. And because of your shenanigans I give this GAME now a negative review. You made this, you fracking fix it NOW.]Paid for Mods.. What a joke. Add a donate button, fair enough.. but making us pay is just a big middle finger to all of us.]So a bug ridden product is no longer being patched but now mods can be sold, with Arthmoor jumping into that bandwagon, which could very well mean that the pretty much essential unofficial patches could be sold now. That's right, you could end up having to pay for patches. Not. Cool.]Paid mods ruined this game]Valve and Bethesda is killing what made this game so great. Mods.]Every respect I had for Valve, Bethesda and ZeniMax just went down the drain. Dont support cooperations who put their intersts before that of costumers.]They sell mods]Absolutely fantastic game, one which lasted so long due to the modding community. I myself continued to play due to mods... however, I don't have the money to fork over for each individual mod. The modding community exists to better games in places that the developer lacked and to create more fun, interesting activities that only the players can think of. While donating to the modders is one thing, they are not professionals and without proper backing and proper upkeep mods should not be an item to be purchased. The reason this gets a negative review is because Bethesda is mostly responsible for this ridiculous event. Not only are they making the most money off this, they're making more than the modders themselves. They are literally making money off of other people's work and their lack of creation. This is not okay at all. Bethesda, I've loved your games for year, but if put out updates and more DLC if you want to make more money, don't steal from others.]money]Every respect I had for Valve, Bethesda and ZeniMax just went down the drain. Dont support cooperations who put their intersts before that of costumers.]They sell mods]Absolutely fantastic game, one which lasted so long due to the modding community. I myself continued to play due to mods... however, I don't have the money to fork over for each individual mod. The modding community exists to better games in places that the developer lacked and to create more fun, interesting activities that only the players can think of. While donating to the modders is one thing, they are not professionals and without proper backing and proper upkeep mods should not be an item to be purchased. The reason this gets a negative review is because Bethesda is mostly responsible for this ridiculous event. Not only are they making the most money off this, they're making more than the modders themselves. They are literally making money off of other people's work and their lack of creation. This is not okay at all. Bethesda, I've loved your games for year, but if put out updates and more DLC if you want to make more money, don't steal from others.]money]It's a good game, but I can't support Bethesda and Valve stealing money from the mod developers.]Vanilla Skyrim 7/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10 I'm jumpin on the paid mod bandwagon of hate]Mods costing money.]This is a game that, vanilla, I would give 7. Mods make it a 10. Paid mods... ugh.]The mods are the only thing that makes this game worth playing. But right now Valve and Bethesda decided that it would be a great idea to start charging for said mods. In short, dont get this game. Let it die as it deserves.]Based on it's merits I would have once recommended this game based on it's base content and modability. However due to Valve and Bethasda's policies were you a. have to pay for some mods and they b. can cost more than the actual game I don't recommend that you buy it. EDIT: You can still use sites like the nexus for free mods however.]I just want to be one of the many people making the user rating of this game lower. WTF VALVE (and bethesda) Come on people its gone down from 98% down to 84%. Keep going or it might happen to fallout 4.]You know why.]Paying for mods? That helps the modder, right? Well no, considering that Bethesda is taking 45% of revenue, only 25% to the modder (who actually DOES all the work) and 25% to Valve (which, contrarily to public opinion, isn't bad since they have to maintain the Workshop). Great game, but Bethesda seems to have forgotten that modders made the port to PC for them, basically. And we as a community can not forgive it. Paid mods are stupid, since a mod can break your game or just aren't worth it (1 /$ for a weapon reskin? Thanks, but no thanks). If they wanted to support the modders, a donation button, or a slider similar to Humble-Bundle's one would have been more than enough.]To See the full review its going to cost 1.69]Thanks for expoliting the modders valve and bethesda]Donations for mods are fine. Paywalls are not. Can't recommend this game right now.]Paid mods and Valve also getting 75% of the profit? Valve is becoming the new EA games. I wish I could get my games out of Steam and leave Steam alltogether. From now on If I have the option, I will buy games without a Steam key. Getting really sick of all the greed these days. BURN BEANCOUNTERS!!]This reveiw is being published to say that the new workshop is not well thought out. I mean paying for mods is like paying for something you dont like when you tried it out. My second reason is that what if someone buying skyrim only has enough money for the game and they got the game just to play the mod that they wanted to try out for so long and its why they bought the game. Then if they finaly get the money what if its not what they expected? WHEN VALVE GETS RID OF THIS NEW FETURE I WILL TAKE THIS REVEIW DOWN]Not supporting anymore until they remove paid mods. End of story Valve. You're destroying US !!]35 hours in total is enough to give my review. Rating: 10/10. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a massive, open world RPG game with hours and hours of gameplay, and is a very fun game. I have been playing for a long time and I love it. The best RPG out there right now. You are a Dovakhiin, or Dragonborn, in mortal language. You have the power to eat the very souls of Dragons. But, dragons aren't the only threat of Skyrim. The province of Skyrim is at civil war, between the Imperials and the Stormcloaks. Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, the one who formed the rebellion of the Stormcloaks, murdered the high king with the power of the voice, shouted the King apart, and the Imperials are hunting him down. This is the greatest game in the TES series, don't be put off by The Elder Scrolls Online, that was a terrible game. But I can assure you, grab this game and you won't be disappointed. Buggy? There are a set of mods named the Unofficial Patches, which fix many bugs, and aim to at some point fix them all. However, I cannot recommend this game. Why? Yesterday, Valve through this whole game down the drain.... Paid mods. It's awful. Nothing could have ruined this game more. Get it on console, guys.]Game is filled with bugs.]I used to love this game before the paid mod workshop was implemented. Bethesda and Valve are trying to profit from modders by doing absolutely nothing. I will not recommend a game where the developer wants to profit from the community who has been fixing their game and keeping it relevent for the past 3 years. I do not recommend buying it from steam and I do not recommend buying any mods for this game.]So you have to get this right, Skyrim a game full of bugs, was modded by the community to run bug free. Every DLC not even the HIGH RES Pack was without bugs, all of this was done by the community not by Bethesda nor Valve. Now Valve comes with the Idea let us charge money for mods on steam workshop. They take 75% of the price the modder asks for the money, while they do not take any responsibility since it is all at your own risk right? Oh if you get screwed then you can make a polite post on the item for the modder. Now that is nice don't you think? Pls Valve get cancer, die and  off.]This game and I had a lot of good years together, as did much of the community. The developer decided very recently to implement additional "features" that have changed the nature of how the once excellent community interacted with this game. This was a bad change.]Flaws can now be fixed by DLC payed mods! only 49.99]Oh boy! Don't you just love the smell of paywalls in the morning?]This game promotes racism, transphobia and anti-semitism.]It is a great game, but to expand it past all the dlc with mods, YOU HAVE TO PAY MONEY. Mods are meant to be free to enjoy, not as paid microexpansions. We do NOT need these mods. Will change review when the current policy on paid mods is changed.]Because  paid mods.]Paid mods removed. GabeN did the right thing.]Not even addressing gameplay, as long as this game supports paid mods, I will never recommend it.]This game stops being fun really fast, leaving me wanting for more interesting content. Even without paid mods, this game is not worth the $20 price tage, plus the over $40 to get the dlc.]Paid mods ing suck, I wouldn't recommend skyrim until they change it back]The one thing that made Skyrim shine for me, was the fact the it used to be a great platform for mods. No more. I strongly dislike the DLC/microtransaction trend. And now modding has been dealt a death blow. People that still have free mods out there will have to make the switch to paid mods or remove existing ones. Just so other people won't take credit for their work and make money of it as well. Some simply might not make any more new content. And people wonder why piracy still exists? If anything... this makes it more tempting. LATER EDIT: Skyrim paid mods have been removed, but I'll keep the negative review as a reminder.]Recently Vavle introduced the feature to pay for mods. While this isn't an inherently bad feature, as high effort projects such as total conversions in my opinion could justify charging 2-3$, the way it is implemented (75% etc) and the way it has been handled (deletion of donation links and suppression of dissenting opinions etc) is unforgivable.]do not support developers trying to pull this]This game is 75% bad and 25% good]It has forced to pay for mods. Don't recommend.]best game ever y pay for mads steam y]Gaben, plz. This game exists for its community. Please stop destroying the game's purpose just to make a quick buck.]I've tried really hard to play this game again and I can't get into it. I also heard they are charging for mods now? I didn't do any research to see if that is true or not but I don't like the idea of it so I'm giving this game a thumbs down.]Without free mods, this game would have been fun for a week at best. Hardly worth my money compared to other titles on the steam market that offer hundreds more hours. This whole thing is a train wreck and could have been implimented far better. Instead they've managed to tear apart a community by introducing a major variable into a system that was not presently there. The chaos that resulted could have been seen a mile away. There is also no incentive to not go down the path mobile platforms have, with core gameplay improvements through modification sold piecemeal for maximum profit. Thanks Valve, Bethesda, for bringing one of the worst aspects of mobile gaming to the PC.]I liked this game, but gonna dislike just to make a stand against the paid mods. You want to ruin the mod community? Because this is how you ruin a mod community.]Decent vanilla game made into something glourious with community mods. Then... suddenly... two greedy companies shatterd everything with a pay wall. No paid mods thank you, or atleast not in this rediculous fashion.]Loved the game but can't support paying for mods.]"Greed (Latin, avaritia), also known as avarice, cupidity, or covetousness, is the inordinate desire to possess wealth, goods, or objects of abstract value with the intention to keep it for one's self, far beyond the dictates of basic survival and comfort." from Wikipedia]** UPDATE ** Now that the penny pinching and nickle and diming has been removed through sheer overwhelming pressure from the community, the below is no longer the reason for this negative review. Now it's negative to remind Bethesda and Valve that the consumers pay for the bread on their table. Capitalism ho, but have some decency. We're not walking, talking wallets and we're NOT data points Gabe. ** ORIGINAL ** I bought the game for the mods, plain and simple. Now that the mods aren't free the price/value of this game is out of whack, as in no amount of value makes up for the nonsense of paid mods EVER. As long as paid mods exist Bethesda gets not a penny more from me.]-You want to turn mods into paid DLC microtransactions? Prepare to suffer the consequences- It pains me to do this, but I cannot stand by while Valve and Bethesda, among others I am sure, drive a stake deep into the heart of PC gaming. This game, the developers, Valve, and the modders who go along with this are dead to me. -this will turn modders and regular gamers against eachother and this is classic divide and conquer by developers. -Steam Workshop was sadly used as a trojan horse of sorts. This was the plan from the very beginning. -Will enrich valve and greedy devs off the backs of the community, all while being advertised as "a new way to help content creators" when it does nothing of the sort. RIP PC gaming if this is allowed to stand.]I want there to be no paid mods!]Its bad. Oblivion was much better.]update. paid mods is a no, for skyrim at least. but this will remain as a negative review because of it all.]8/10 game, 0/10 mod policy. Why not have a "Tip jar" for modders? A optional donation that encourages people to put out quality mods, not just spam the workshop with $.99 junk.][This review requires the Review mod. To view this review, please purchase the Review mod for $0.25]]Wasn't that bad until they released a Premium Paid Mod Subscription Early Access Season Pass for $30 and then all the mods got taken down due to all being slapped with DMCA notices. Couldn't complain about it on the forums either as I didn't have the $9.99 Deluxe Steam Forums Support Pass. I guess I'll just sit here and deal with the free mods out right now. Not so bad as I only have to close about 50 pop-ups asking me to donate or purchase them on the Workshop. Whoops one of my save files got corrupted. I better pay for the $2.99 corruption fix mod and while I'm here the $5.99 Starter Gold Pack for 250 gold seems like a pretty good deal and oh hey a mod based off another mod that requires 3 other paid mods to get it working for a grand total of $59.99 sounds pretty neat. Good thing I got this game on sale for $5 haha Steam Sales are so great and I saved so much.]Paid Mods. Don't encourage this b buying.]Paid mods,really ValvE? I thought that EA is bad but asking money for mods is a new low for PC Gaming]One of the strongest driving points of Skyrim is it's modding. Now that Bethesda and Valve has teamed up undermine a lot of the efforts of the modding community already back by really horrible Valve customer support, it's only natural that this is going to lead to abuse and exploiting. With people already trying to figure out how to steal content and resell it as well as stepping on a multitude of legal issues, this feels less like a community driven effort and more of a big business decision for maximizing profit. This is shameless, and I don't recommend anyone to support this game further until Valve has come forward to explain why they would go in such a radical direction.]Valve has offended its customers and workshop content creators.  paid mods, and anyone who thinks it's a good idea.]Current Review from May 2nd, 2015; I am updating my review due to the changes Valve/Bethesda have made to the paid mod fiasco. Because of this recent event it has occurred to me that reviews of games should be about what the game itself offers and not what the community can/could offer. So having said that, I cannot recommend Skyrim at full price because the game is full of bugs, issues, and reeks of being a blatant console port. There are glaring issues that still haven't been fixed for the past three and a half years the game has currently been available on both consoles and PC's, but of course the modding community has fixed these problems on PC. However, the game at its core is great and is totally worth it at a discounted price, but keep in mind that the game isn't as fleshed out as recent installments in the past. Some people refer to this issue as "Consolitis", so if you're a fan of Morrowind and/or Oblivion you'll probably be disappointed with the vanilla Skyrim experience, but will be more than surprised with mod variety. If you're a new player to the RPG genre and have never played a Elder Scrolls game before you'll definitely fall in love with this one, but be warned that trying to go back and playing the older Elder Scroll games might leave you with a bad taste in your mouth because of how dated those games are, so I'd recommend going back and trying to play Morrowind or Oblivion first so you can enjoy those great games and then come back and enjoy Skyrim. Outdated Review from April 25th, 2015; Skyrim is an amazing game and is definitely worth the full amount and is a must buy at a discounted price, however due to recent events of Valve/Bethesda having the bright idea of allowing community made mods to be sold on the Steam Workshop has changed my view of the game entirely. As of right now, I cannot recommend this game while the current Workshop system is in place. I also do not recommend buying other Bethesda games until this change has been reversed and mind you this is coming from a huge Bethesda fan that has been playing Bethesda games since Morrowind on the original Xbox. I'd also like to note that this is not a "knee-jerk" reaction as some people like to claim. Since this system has been put in place some modders have shown their true colors of greed by refusing to update their "free" mods and other people stealing free mods from 3rd party sites and selling them on the Workshop while Valve/Bethesda turn a blind eye. Money has corrupted the modding community and Valve/Bethesda are to blame. Do not support this system as it only hurts the modding community and will more than likely hurt future games like TES:VI and Fallout 4.]it's for edgy autists]Paid mods. That alone should be enough of a reason why this game sucks. That having been said, the combat is lame, and there are games that do everything this does, but far better. Buy The Witcher 1 and 2 instead.]Who put EA in charge of modding and workshop? ________________________________________________ *Edit* Well with the paid mods over with, I think it's time I changed the review. Certainly a great game, but i'm going to keep the original up as a reminder of what Valve and Bethesda tried to do.]Paying for mods ayy lmao]Mods are now dlc apparently to betesda so gg]Paid mods are the worst thing to ever happen to a gaming community. Mods are not equal to DLC. Sadly, this means I can no longer recommend this game due to bad decision making by Valve.]now that they are going to make you pay for mods.  this game]Who put EA in charge of modding and workshop? ________________________________________________ *Edit* Well with the paid mods over with, I think it's time I changed the review. Certainly a great game, but i'm going to keep the original up as a reminder of what Valve and Bethesda tried to do.]torrent it lol]I absolutely love this game, and all TES games. I've spent thousands of hours in each, starting on console and now enjoying the creativity of the modding community. But paid mods are an insult. I'm all for supporting the modders, but it can hardly be called "support" when the modders only recieve 25% of the revenue.]After the introduction of Paid Mods, I cannot and will not reccomend this game. I've gotten an immense amount of fun from this game, but I will not allow this kind of marketing BS to continue. I'm so dissapointed in Valve. Never Again.]Pay to Mod. No thanks!]Paid Mods are an awful idea.  you, Valve and Bethesda.]Paying for mods?? Thanks Obama.]The game itself was, as many other poeple said, very fun. All the content of the vanilla game isn't enough to keep me interested and on my toes about it. Certain mods that I got from the Nexus site gave me what I was looking for. Chesko's Frostfall and Wearable Lanterns. Persied9's Realistic Needs and Diseases. DragonSong's Hunterborn. Heck, even an Unoffical Patch by Unoffical Patch Project Team fixes most bugs that Bethesda didn't care to. All of these add life and meaning to the game, make me feel like There's more to skyrim than just back and forth fast travel. Now you're telling me that I am to pay for Bethesda's lack of ingenuity and creativity? I don't think so. I agree with the masses to have a donate button where we can donate any amount pleased and 100% of the donation goes to them. For people who don't know, the "pay4mods" policy makes it where 25% of the proceeds go to the mod creator, and the other 75% to Valve. This is absolutely rediculous. People looking for a money will tell people who go to the Nexus that this is a Steam Workshop exclusive. Thank goodness Nexus still listens to the community and doesn't charge for mods. Although I would normally recommend this game and tell you to go get mods to fill in the holes, I highly recommend against it as this option is no longer availble due to Valve's Moneylust. I intend to download no more mods until this issue gets resolved. You have no pity from me, people who create mods and put it on the Steam Workshop. No Pity. And to Valve, My utter disappointment for ever stooping so low to earn money. May this game Rest in Peace, for it is going to die very quickly.]A line has been crossed since the introduction of paid mods. For full information on this topic, please consult your local search engine.]While Skyrim is an excellent game despite any flaws or miss-steps, the recent introduction of pay for mods has lowered the value of the PC version immensely and is a scary concept for future games.]A really good game. But the fact that they now want to squeeze every last penny from my wallet through a pay wall of pay to play mods is just disgusting, i wouldn't mind if they added a "donate to the modder" button but the simple fact is the modder has been screwed over as have we all been.]A lesson on how to turn a good PC game into a mobile style microtransaction nightmare, vote with your wallet and stay well away from this.]The only thing that was keeping this game alive was modding but now that it's gone there's no reason to play this mediocre game, go get Morrowind or Oblivion, remember playing them in 2002 and 2006, realise how long ago was that, feel nostalgia and finally get disappointed in life.]Free Mods are keeping this game alive, she will die without them.]Mods, which complete the game - basically, every Benethda game, became dirty. Thanks to Valve, I learned the reason why I should stop giving money to Steam, Valve. The whole gaming market is Valved.]0/10 Im not paying for mods.]I'm all for supporting modders, but good lord this has been handled in just the worst way.]Alas poor skyrim, I must have hardly knew you... After playing Skyrim on console for 200+ hours I was recommended to get it for Pc as modding changed the way the game could be played. So I rasied over 1500 to get a 'top notch' Pc to play it on, that was a year ago and after reasiling how good and strong the modding community was I thought this game was one of the best that id ever played (Im a heavy fan of Oblivion thou...) And after a long break from PC gaming in general I returned to find this..... Its just sad that one of the last forms of free and kind forums is getting 'snuffed' out of existance by cheap capitolism... May as well get the rest of the games students in the sweatshop to make weapon reskins and sell them for 0.20 each, as clearly the game has gone to . May as well make some ing money from it. I hear blender is getting mentioned quite alot on the main steam page, guess anyone can make money from anything. So lets see how good steams 'Quality control' is.]Great game honestly, it really is however the only reason its been kept alive up to now is its community of modders. However now paid mods have been introduced and its ruining everything and if left uncheck will be implemented into other games and so the decline of PC gaming shall begin, this paid mod buisness needs to stomped out here and now before we have to start taking out loans just to get our precious horse genital mods.]Y'all know why.]At one time the best games ever made but in current state no longer worth it :(]Steam and bethesdas cash grab with paid mods is absolutely deplorable. Please boycott both companies.]This kills the mods]Not worth it]never needed to write a review for this game....the game spoke for itself. Honestly, this is probably the best game ever made with probably the best modding community in any game....ever. Now you change it so these mods are no longer free? nope im done. i will probably never buy another bethesda product again and its lucky that Valve doesnt make games or i wouldnt buy it. yeah i may only be hurting myself but if everyone feels this way and acts this way it will put an end to this .]Bethesda and Valve have teamed up and used this game to monetize and break the best thing PC gaming had, modding. They contacted some DOTA modders with zero idea of Skyrim modding, paid them to make a couple  models and put them for sale. Then they contacted a bunch of known Skyrim modders with zero legal knowledge, made them feel important and scammed them (just see the control chesko had left over HIS mods). They thought they were the important modders, the big prize, while being nothing but the bait for the rest of modders to bite and to accept the 25% they'd get. This movement takes content and patch releasing to a whole new level, because now developers have the incentive of releasing broken, empty games and wait for modders to fix and fill them while getting a on of money from it, while it's the modder's responsibility to keep the mod working and up to date and to deal with the angry "costumer". This movement has destroyed the "feel free to use, just give credit!" thinking, as free mods may depend on paid mods (Hello, SkyUI!) and viceversa. It has also made people take down from here and the nexus their mods fearing they will be ripped and uploaded as paid content by someone else, oh, and Valve wants US to make sure that doesn't happen, they won't even check them, they'll be too busy counting money and coming up with some other way of hurting their community. This is the worst move I've seen in the gaming history, Valve and Bethesda, you're now on pair with EA and Ubisoft, congratulations, I hope you make a lot of money with this, because I won't pay a cent more for any of your games. Don't give them even more money. Donate if you feel like you want to support the one that made some mod you like. DON'T pay for mods. Ever.]A really good game. But the fact that they now want to squeeze every last penny from my wallet through a pay wall of pay to play mods is just disgusting, i wouldn't mind if they added a "donate to the modder" button but the simple fact is the modder has been screwed over as have we all been.]A lesson on how to turn a good PC game into a mobile style microtransaction nightmare, vote with your wallet and stay well away from this.]makes you pay for mods 10/10]Be prepared for having to pay for every -piece of additional content, especially fand made mods (!!). Over are the times of a free modding community, here comes the monetization of creative freedom. GG Valve for total EA d*ick move.]This game has quite possibly the best modding community I've ever been involved with. Don't mess things up for the sake of more jew gold, how much ing money do you make off this game daily as it is? No matter how appealing you make payed mods, I promise you I will never delete anything from any game folder if I don't feel like it. If people want to be payed to make content like this, maybe they should ask Bethesda for money and not people who have already purchased the game and all the DLC. This  isn't going to fly Volvo, give up]From the creators of Horse Armor DLC come another brilliant invention. Paid mods provide all the sale of DLC with none of its cost on quality control. You can now support your favorite modders with 25% of money you pay. Look forward to on-disc day 1 mods and Humble Mods Bundle 1. Coming this summer. I rate this game 75% the mods cost]The paid mod wall behind this game will kill the modding scene as a whole. Especially since the base game is just walking from A to B and killing bandits and draugrs along the way, only to get a quest to walk to C and kill more bandits and draugrs.]Not as good as Oblivion in my opinion. & don't fancy paying for mods.]i LOVE this game but i hate that you have to pay for some mods]Skyrim is a good RPG/open world game. I have no problem paying for DLC this game. I do however NOT endorse that you should pay for mods.]Great game, sad that Valve has dropped this low. G&G here I come!]I can now PAY to make EVERY DRAGON look like THOMAS THE TANK ENGINE and MACHO MAN RANDY SAVAGE WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE]You have to pay for mods nuff said]Booo to paid mods]until 24 april 2015 skyrim fell to it's knee ( not by arrows) but by the "pay workshop items" and I loved skyrim until this day. when even i fell to my knees ( like bf hardline) and I lost fait in valve I've been playing skyrim 11.8 hours. but today im afraid that i'll wont continue to rise it. I have about 129 addons from workshop but Im afraid i wont modding my skyrim using steam workshop. I recommend this game but i cant put a thumb up or down becouse I love Skyrim and its mods. its hard to tell this but I put a thumb up becouse of this ( my opinion) a ebola virus making us pay for workshop items. now valve have made it easier for scamers to make money by uploading  addons and put a cost of 10-20 euros. and you'll could fell for this ( like trying to spin a pen) and you'll lose money becouse of valve's new "update". enough of these workshop sh*t and move on to how i recommend this game. Its open world. everybody like's a open world game. its first person. its third person. its contains magic. its contains dragons " it used to have free workshop" nice texture. awsome mods. Still i cant put a thumb up or down becouse I love this game. Its worth the money and if you whant mods go to nexus. and a message to valve ( i have freedom of speech)]Because Bethesda try to destroy the free mod community! :(]As a "seasonsed" Elder Scrolls fan I have put thousands of hours into the series and Skyrim makes no exeption here. It is truely a beautiful world and game where you can lose countless hours exploring and crafting your own story line and perfect game and with the inclusion of free user generated content from strong supporters of the serious boasting my great talents, from quest making to armours, weapon and armour making and ENB and graphical improvements from both Steam Workshop and the Nexus the replay value for Skyrim has become infinite, this brings me to my latest tripe. As of 23rd of April, Steam workshop now has a new policy as many of you most likely have heard of, paid for mods. Like many other PC gamers this makes me worried about the future of the modding community as a whole. I've willingly donated to various mods that I've used time and time again and I've subscribed to the Nexus Pro account for over a year now, yet I do not feel comftable feeling forced to purchase user generated content for a game that already has thousands of free addtional content already. Vote with your wallets, mods should be made with love for the game not to make a quick buck. We've already seen mods being uploaded by people who didn't have anything to do with the original mod creation and piggy backing off the mods success elsewhere. This is a flawed system and Valve needs to know as a community we shouldn't have to stand for it.]What can I say? So many other people summarised the amazing game Skyrim is. Right up until Valve started charging for mods. Do not purchase mods for this game, and instead, use the Skyrim Nexus.]All mods feel like horse armor now.]Paid mods are not worth it. Mods by nature make the game unstable, and conflict with other mods. Just because you pay for it, does not mean you will recieve support for it. Even the best mods can conflict with other mods, and distroy your saved files. I for one, will not be buying Fallout 4, or what ever Bethesa makes, as long as this goes forward. This policy will get worse...]You know why.]Booo to paid mods]until 24 april 2015 skyrim fell to it's knee ( not by arrows) but by the "pay workshop items" and I loved skyrim until this day. when even i fell to my knees ( like bf hardline) and I lost fait in valve I've been playing skyrim 11.8 hours. but today im afraid that i'll wont continue to rise it. I have about 129 addons from workshop but Im afraid i wont modding my skyrim using steam workshop. I recommend this game but i cant put a thumb up or down becouse I love Skyrim and its mods. its hard to tell this but I put a thumb up becouse of this ( my opinion) a ebola virus making us pay for workshop items. now valve have made it easier for scamers to make money by uploading  addons and put a cost of 10-20 euros. and you'll could fell for this ( like trying to spin a pen) and you'll lose money becouse of valve's new "update". enough of these workshop sh*t and move on to how i recommend this game. Its open world. everybody like's a open world game. its first person. its third person. its contains magic. its contains dragons " it used to have free workshop" nice texture. awsome mods. Still i cant put a thumb up or down becouse I love this game. Its worth the money and if you whant mods go to nexus. and a message to valve ( i have freedom of speech)]Because Bethesda try to destroy the free mod community! :(]As a "seasonsed" Elder Scrolls fan I have put thousands of hours into the series and Skyrim makes no exeption here. It is truely a beautiful world and game where you can lose countless hours exploring and crafting your own story line and perfect game and with the inclusion of free user generated content from strong supporters of the serious boasting my great talents, from quest making to armours, weapon and armour making and ENB and graphical improvements from both Steam Workshop and the Nexus the replay value for Skyrim has become infinite, this brings me to my latest tripe. As of 23rd of April, Steam workshop now has a new policy as many of you most likely have heard of, paid for mods. Like many other PC gamers this makes me worried about the future of the modding community as a whole. I've willingly donated to various mods that I've used time and time again and I've subscribed to the Nexus Pro account for over a year now, yet I do not feel comftable feeling forced to purchase user generated content for a game that already has thousands of free addtional content already. Vote with your wallets, mods should be made with love for the game not to make a quick buck. We've already seen mods being uploaded by people who didn't have anything to do with the original mod creation and piggy backing off the mods success elsewhere. This is a flawed system and Valve needs to know as a community we shouldn't have to stand for it.]What can I say? So many other people summarised the amazing game Skyrim is. Right up until Valve started charging for mods. Do not purchase mods for this game, and instead, use the Skyrim Nexus.]Paid mods are not worth it. Mods by nature make the game unstable, and conflict with other mods. Just because you pay for it, does not mean you will recieve support for it. Even the best mods can conflict with other mods, and distroy your saved files. I for one, will not be buying Fallout 4, or what ever Bethesa makes, as long as this goes forward. This policy will get worse...]You know why.]Paid mods are the worst thing that has happened to the PC games industry in a long time, and Bethesda's support of these practices is indefensible. If i could go back in time and not buy this game I would. The 130 odd hours I put into this game were not nearly enjoyment enough to make up for this. They should be ashamed of themselves and we as consumers must not stand for this.]The game itself is good but be warned you have to pay for certain user-created mods. What's next? Let's not support this madness by voting with our wallets.]I really enjoy the game. If it is the base game that you want, I recommend. If you are into modding it, be aware of the paid mods! there will still be free mods but not for long. This causes me to downvote the game, They are getting greedy and make us pay for what should be free as it always has been.]i spend about 1000-2000 $ a year on games i have 1 uplay game(by accident) no origin games and never will,i have no problem boycotting companies/services that show me they are anti-consumer and no i dont pirate. this changes or no more bethesda games for me as well as ceasing to buy ANY games on steam once my steam wallet balance runs out.]How long until we have to pay for bug fixes and unnoficial patches, too?]An OK game. Better with mods, but since they're locked behind a pay wall I cannot recommend this game.]Valve is pulling a horrible move by introducing Paid mods, it will damage the modding community and pit them against each other where cheerful cooperation had been the norm. A very very fun game with one of the best modding communities (OUTSIDE OF STEAM) Ever. I actually have never finished the storyline and just get lost/emerged in the world.]Paid mods are a disturbing trend.]Can't recomment until paid mods are removed. I'm in favor of allowing donations to mod creators with the correct system in place to ensure that the real modder is rewarded.]I'll start by saying that Skyrim is a Fantastic game. But paying for mods is the dumbest thing since "It's Friday" and that was pretty dumb. Dont pay for mods.]I'm not paying 50 cents for a sword]What can I say about Skyrim? It is a game with lots of potential, most of it unrealized. Thankfully the modding community helps the game be all it can be, and more. That is, until Bethesda and Valve decided to wreck the modding community with paid mods. I have been through about 1000 mods in my time with Skyrim. I cannot imagine how much money that would have cost me had they been paid mods. Actually, I know exactly how much it would cost me, $0. I am sad to see what is most likely the end of a thriving mod community.]Valve has failed us all. Do not buy this game or the mods for it.]One of the things that kept Skyrim going and relevant for so many years was it modding community! Considering the fact that the mods are behinds a paywall now , you shouldn't buy skyrim! You would now have to pay for skyrim + the mods tolerable. Your money is better spent on newer games instead of trying to fix this with paid mods]I had written a review previously for this game stating that it was a rather good game, but made exceptional by the modding community. Now Bethesda and Valve have betrayed myself and the entire fanbase by monetising mods for their own twisted interests. This is a destruction of a once superb game, this is why I am down voting this game now, because I want to see them burn for their reckless actions toward their very own fans; they have heaped up the funeral pyres, now allow me to light it. If you're reading this review, and own this game, I urge you to write a negative review too, allow this fire to spread and amalgamate into a great blaze. If you're reading this because you're interested in purchasing the game, then do not, this game has began its fall, and fall it will; very far indeed.]Do not recommend.]Paid mods, early access introductory priced mods, overpriced microtransaction mods.]A half-decegame whose only redemption is the plethora of free third-party-content to remedy the otherwise buggy, half-finished, soulless, and lackluster world... now with microtransactions to purchase said third-party-content where the suits keep 70% to 100% of the profit for doing 0% of the work (apart from the buggy, inconsistent, half-working mess of a distribution system that is the steam workshop). Worse still, the third-party-content has no quality control, no checks to prevent theft and sale of others work, or any kind of a guarantee that the content will actually work, and if so, continue to work once you can no longer get your money back. Even worse than that, Valve/Bethesda stated that this is to "support" the modders even though the modder only receives a maximum of 25% of profits providing that their mod accrues at least $400 of profit. With those restrictions, all this will support is buggy, half-finished, soulless, lackluster content, with an unreasonable pricetag to boot. Wait a minute, that sounds familiar... Oh, but it's all optional, many say in response. To which I say, it is... for now, but if you stand idly by while blatant exploitation occurs for the benefit of making a few extra bucks at the cost of tearing an entire community apart, you can guarantee that things will only get worse. Less support for free mods, mayhap... perhaps even no support. And this will spread to other games in the same way that pathetic DLC did. Do you like endorsed day 1 DLC which companies are obligated to fix if it doesn't work? Get ready for third-party day 1 DLC that will inevitably break and never be fixed due to no obligations, and you won't get your money back. Didn't like having to wait for modders to patch Bethesda's games before? Get ready for big companies being even more lazy in their game development because "The modders will fix it for us AND net us more money in the process." It seems that companies want the players to develop their games for them while simultaneously paying the companies to do it. TL;DR Paid mods are the bane of one of the greatest aspects of PC gaming. Take DLC, multiply it by hundreds or even thousands, remove all quality control, add an abundance of intellectual property theft, remove all guarantees of functionality and compatibility, and on top of that, possibly and quite likely remove any chance of a free alternative with the establishment of a monopoly on third-party content (that is purchase-only) in the future, and you will have paid-mods. If people give even an inkling of interest in this, it WILL spread, and we will have to kiss the days of being able to fix and improve our favorite games without simultaneously exploiting our very own friends and colleagues for the benefit of faceless, greedy corporations in our actions goodbye.]I didn't ask for this.]This is by far the "Prettiest" of the Elder Scrolls series to date. This is not saying a whole lot considering what it is up against. The gameplay is riddled with bugs and glitches that while not always game breaking, do come very close. The story is well thought out for most of the game but then suddenly ends. The sidequests are standard brainless go here do X formulated content substitutes. The overall control scheme is broken and hard to navigate with a mouse and keyboard as it was obviously ported from a console. With all of that out of the way... most of the shortcomings of this game were either fixed or softened by several great mods that were created. I somehow doubt that the quality of content will be on par with what it has been due to this new paid mod system. I can't blame Valve, they are in fact a company. And companies are established to make money. I do however hold them accountable for the soon to follow  storm of inferior cash grab mods. This is right up there with some of the horible titles that the Greenlight and early access cash grabs have allowed in. This game is going to be shelved for now, I will at least be able to say I got my money's worth out of it before this change.]I have to pay for mods now!!?!???!!  This.]I do not recomend this game at all! It crashes when i try to start it and the instructions on the Bethesda website are useless! Im giving this review until someone helps me with this issue. Please message me if you have a solution.]Developers did a great job on this game. Trying to milk 75% out of mod sales? Well, that's just disgusting.]Taking people's mods, selling them with no quality control and taking 75% of the profit does not a good review make.]Paid mods? Haha, no. Will not be re-installing.]Great game but paid mods are ridiculous.]As of right now, I cannot recommend this game while the current Workshop system is in place. I also do not recommend buying other Valve or Bethesda games until this change has been reversed and mind you this is coming from a HUGE fan of both franchises. Skyrim is an amazing game and is definitely a must buy at a discounted price, however due to recent events of Valve/Bethesda having the bright idea of allowing community made mods to be sold on the Steam Workshop has changed my view of the game entirely. Since this system has been put in place some modders have shown their true colors of greed by refusing to update their "free" mods and other people stealing free mods from 3rd party sites and selling them on the Workshop while Valve/Bethesda turn a blind eye. Money has corrupted the modding community and Valve/Bethesda are to blame. Do not support this system as it only hurts the modding community and will more than likely hurt future games like TES:VI and Fallout 4.]Posting this as a protest, I do NOT support this latest introduction of a system that monetized modmaking.]You blew it Gabe..]This game is pretty good. It used to be amazing a few days ago when you could customize every facet of it to your hearts content without having to spend more money other than the initial purchase. Now they are charging what has made this game stand out above all others for the past four years, and it really takes away from the experience in my opinion. Enjoy getting nickel and dimed to death for numerous changes that improve quality of life and bugs that slipped past the developers.]I am very sad to say this, mainly cause this is one of my very favorite games EVER, but I cannot recommend this game now that lord GabeN has ok'ed the autism called "paid mods"]You have to pay for mods now. GG Valve.]Liked the game. Dislike the new mod cash grab.]The availability of mods is responsible for about 90% of my time played. I will never pay for a single one.]I AINT PAYING FOR NO MOD YA S!]Welcome to massive pile of user created crap DLCs. R.I.P mod community]This game is pretty good. It used to be amazing a few days ago when you could customize every facet of it to your hearts content without having to spend more money other than the initial purchase. Now they are charging what has made this game stand out above all others for the past four years, and it really takes away from the experience in my opinion. Enjoy getting nickel and dimed to death for numerous changes that improve quality of life and bugs that slipped past the developers.]I am very sad to say this, mainly cause this is one of my very favorite games EVER, but I cannot recommend this game now that lord GabeN has ok'ed the autism called "paid mods"]You have to pay for mods now. GG Valve.]Liked the game. Dislike the new mod cash grab.]The availability of mods is responsible for about 90% of my time played. I will never pay for a single one.]Paid. Mods.]I AINT PAYING FOR NO MOD YA S!]Welcome to massive pile of user created crap DLCs. R.I.P mod community]winter is coming]Skyrim was fun game but with a large amount of bugs and some very poorly implemented user interface features, game was also pretty short and easy. With Mods you could fix almost all the bugs and repair your UI add immersion more quests more replayability more character customization better graphics etc... With paid mods someone like me who uses 90 mods I would need to spend about 200-400$ for the mods I use.... Skyrim Vanilla 6/10 Skyrim with mods 10/10 Skyrim with paid mods 0/10]WHAT?! Paid mods?! That ing little fat greedy  Gaben and his "Valve" don't have enough of money yet?! I know, I'm not playing Skyrim anymore (I stopped playing it something about two months ago) and I was always downloading mods only from Nexus, but this?! THIS IS ROBBERY!!!! I'm not going to pay for anything from these greedy pieces of  anymore!!!! And then there is Bethesda - "Game developing studio" (They consider themselves as that), which can't even repair the smallest bug in their ing totally bugged game, but when Valve offers them paid mods, of course, they will agree!!! You still didn't realised that THE MODS are making your game playable yet?!! THE MODS are making your "GAME" A REAL GAME!!!! And the modders are making you look smarter and more handier in making games?! Dear friends! Join the petition! Over 100 000 people signed already... https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop?just_created=true #FreeTheWorkshop #Valve #ThatLittleFatGaben :riften:]"Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10."]The first mod vending machine - not recommended. Use nexus if you want to mod this game.]A dull, bland game that can only be made fun with mods; a perfect example of a mod sandbox. Now thanks to Valve and Bethesda you have to pay for those mods and they take 75% of the money from the mods.]You now pay for mods. The game is 10/10 but Bethesda and Valve are getting greedy and are ruining it for everyone. Dont support that trend.]Fawk you Valve, and fawk you Bathesda. I would come back to this awesome game from time to time, just for the mods. Now you make me pay for it, and i'm not doing that. Basically means i won't be playing this game anymore. Can't enjoy it without mods. Thank you for taking this game away from me.]I used to be a Skyrim player. Until I took a paywall to the knee.]I cannot positively endorse this product as steam tries to implement a Pay for Mods money grab...]Paid mods. I refuse to support the practice.]Mods make this game and now that they will cost you money, Skyrim ain't worth it anymore.]Bad move bethesda. Bad move steam. Paid mods is just rediculous. Listen to your players. Thats right, the people that bought your game. Supported your game and made it better. Made it more than what you ever intended it to be. The players who gave you their money and made your game a number 1! Change it to a donate button.]Bethesda is trying to charge gamers for content they didn't create themselves.]I do not recommend this game since Bthesda implemented paid mods. FIGHT MY BROTHERS!]If this paid mod thing stays, you are encouraging game developers to make  broken games which modders will then fix and the developers get paid for it by doing nothing, modders will be doing what dev teams are supposed to be doing. Don't encourage developers to be lazy with their games.]Was a great game however modding was a large reason for that and with paid mods, it's not worth it.]not paying for mods. nope nope nope. greedy bethesda shame on you.]Heavily depended on modding. In other words it is really unfinished game. But hey, the community will fix it for you. For a price.]Vanilla Skyrim 8/10 Skyrim with mods 12/10 Skyrim with paid mods 0/10]Just saying no thanks to paid mods before it infests games like garry's mod.]The only thing that was keeping this game alive was modding but now that it's gone there's no reason to play this mediocre game, go get Morrowind or Oblivion, remember playing them in 2002 and 2006, realise how long ago was that, feel nostalgia and finally get disappointed in life.]Free Mods are keeping this game alive, she will die without them.]Mods, which complete the game - basically, every Benethda game, became dirty. Thanks to Valve, I learned the reason why I should stop giving money to Steam, Valve. The whole gaming market is Valved.]0/10 Im not paying for mods.]I'm all for supporting modders, but good lord this has been handled in just the worst way.]Vanilla Skyrim 8/10 Skyrim with mods 12/10 Skyrim with paid mods 0/10]After the introduction of Paid Mods, I cannot and will not reccomend this game. I've gotten an immense amount of fun from this game, but I will not allow this kind of marketing BS to continue. I'm so dissapointed in Valve. Never Again.]Pay to Mod. No thanks!]Paid Mods are an awful idea.  you, Valve and Bethesda.]Paying for mods?? Thanks Obama.]The game itself was, as many other poeple said, very fun. All the content of the vanilla game isn't enough to keep me interested and on my toes about it. Certain mods that I got from the Nexus site gave me what I was looking for. Chesko's Frostfall and Wearable Lanterns. Persied9's Realistic Needs and Diseases. DragonSong's Hunterborn. Heck, even an Unoffical Patch by Unoffical Patch Project Team fixes most bugs that Bethesda didn't care to. All of these add life and meaning to the game, make me feel like There's more to skyrim than just back and forth fast travel. Now you're telling me that I am to pay for Bethesda's lack of ingenuity and creativity? I don't think so. I agree with the masses to have a donate button where we can donate any amount pleased and 100% of the donation goes to them. For people who don't know, the "pay4mods" policy makes it where 25% of the proceeds go to the mod creator, and the other 75% to Valve. This is absolutely rediculous. People looking for a money will tell people who go to the Nexus that this is a Steam Workshop exclusive. Thank goodness Nexus still listens to the community and doesn't charge for mods. Although I would normally recommend this game and tell you to go get mods to fill in the holes, I highly recommend against it as this option is no longer availble due to Valve's Moneylust. I intend to download no more mods until this issue gets resolved. You have no pity from me, people who create mods and put it on the Steam Workshop. No Pity. And to Valve, My utter disappointment for ever stooping so low to earn money. May this game Rest in Peace, for it is going to die very quickly.]A line has been crossed since the introduction of paid mods. For full information on this topic, please consult your local search engine.]While Skyrim is an excellent game despite any flaws or miss-steps, the recent introduction of pay for mods has lowered the value of the PC version immensely and is a scary concept for future games.]Since DLC is on the way out, I guess it was inevitable that someone would try to monetize mods. If the idea of "supporting modders" or "breathing new life into Skyrim" is what you were hoping for, then get ready for dissapointment. The new pay-for Workshop items is a cancerous addition to Steam's already dimming reputation and Bethesda's desperate attempts to earn a quick buck off of other people's work. Modders who use the system not only see 25% of ALL income from it, but may have their mods stolen, reused or plagarized on a lawless "first come, first served" content system. Valve and Bethesda have mad e the decision to divide the community in half and force the community to move towards the broken Steam Workshop system for Skyrim. Already there's mods removed from the Nexus in either protest or in order to force users to pay for half-functional, minor mods that charge too much for what they offer. No one has profited from this change, and the players who wish to play Skyrim, the game that was *Idolized* for its modding scene, are the biggest losers in this colossal failure of a move. We haven't seen Valve blunder this hard since Greenlight first went up. Do not support Valve or Bethesda making money off other people's work. This kind of nickel and diming, like pre-orders and DLC is what is poisoning modern gaming. Skyrim is only the first.]You can pay 3.35 for a good review, Bethesda.]It's mediocre at everything and was cool mainly for modding potential. The mod scene has been killed so now it's not worth playing anymore.]Payed mods.]paid mods. Everyone else said why so I'm just gonna leave it at this.]valve really pay wall for mods? and the 25% goes to the author, the person who has spent hours of thier free time to put something up and if they don't get 400 dollars from the mod you and bethesda get all the money. i thought you were better than this.]Paid Mods are outrageous]To pay for mods ? Give money to people who do not do their job, and do not deserve this money ? No, thanks. Skyrim vanilla is quite good, Skyrim with mods is possibly a perfect game... only if you can try several mods, to find your own perfect game. What is now impossible.]Pay for mods? Why do you think I purchased Skyrim on my pc in the first place? Mods.]This game was entirely dependent upon the free and open modding community. The paywall ruins the game.]No paid mods.]This positive review mod will cost $$$.]I would have said that this was a great game (it is) but Bethesda and Valve have really ruined it with the paid mod fiasco. MODS ARE MEANT TO BE FREE, THEY ARE NOT DLC!]Paid mods are not okay.]Just saying no thanks to paid mods before it infests games like garry's mod.]I won't be changing my review to positive now that they've dropped the idea of making us pay set minimums for mods. They need some reminder that it was a really dumb idea. That, and they've likely done some lasting damage to this community. I bet there are modders who were on either side of the fence of the paid mod issue that won't be coming back after this mess. They didn't have to leave this nasty scar on one of the best games of it's time, but they did so they could get a fat chunk o cash. At least Valve can say they had an excuse for trying to take a 30% chunk since they host the Workshop and that costs money, but Bethesda wanting 45% for doing absolutly NOTHING and acting like they were doing modders a favor just makes me want to vomit. I swear, companies will try to monetize anything now a days. ~~~ Gotten hundreds of hours of play time out of this game, so I'd say they I got my money's worth of enjoyment. One of the best features of any of the Elder Scrolls series has been the open modding, which has really extended the life of Skyrim. When many games this old have done been forgotten, Skyrim was still going very strong. It's what kept me playing long after I would have put it down for the last time. But now that's come to an end. Bethesda's "brilliant" idea to profit off of thousands of people who do not work for them is just sickening. Their game is already a huge success because of the modders, but that isn't enough, now they want to try to drain money out of other people's creativity directly. This would be completely different if the money went to the modders, and ONLY to the modders, where it should go. The modders do not work for Bethesda, why should they get money for content they had no part in creating? This also completely changes what the drive to mod is. It goes from people doing something they love doing for a game and community they love, to people trying to put as little effort in as they can to get a quick buck. Mods have already vanished from the Steam Workshop and from the Nexus because the truly creative individuals are afraid their work will be ripped off and reposted by someone wanting to cash in. And they're right to be afraid of that. This is the biggest blunder I've seen any AAA gaming studio make in a while now. I can not support a AAA company trying to make big profits off of the modding community, expecially after the huge success if their game is already attributed in large to that modding community. If Skyrim never had supported mods, it would have been forgotten in less than a year and never would have gone on to have 3 DLCs and a Legendary version rerelease. So, in light of these events, I can not recommend this game to anyone from this day forward.]skyrim should have its name changed to casual]Yes, I'll be more then happy to buy a $100 mod for a horses .]The game is amazing, this game is epic, the games mods were the best thing in the universe and why it was always one of the best sandbox games around Now mods are going behind a paywall, now Steam is creating a new DLC nightmare, how dare you attempt to kill the modding community in one foul swoop Do NOT buy this game, Do NOT Buy games on Steam anymore untill this is fixed. Steam - You are dissappoint. 4/27 - We Won, Review Stays, I am and always will be disappointed that V and B tried to pull this.]Now that paid mods are done with I've decided to update my review. I give Valve and Bethesda major credit for admitting they messed up and changing their stance on this entire situation. But my rating stays. I am throughly disapointed in both company's for trying to cash in what was a thriving and helpful community. Now that community has been thourghly fractured, and it is going to take a long time to repair itself, if it ever does. Giving moders only 25% of the final profit was a sleezy move on both company's parts, especially when a lot of mods attempt to fix something the developer was to lazy to do. I used to dream about eventually working for Bethesda as a carrer, now I'm looking towards other company's for a dream job. So unless Bethesda manages to attempt to make it up to gamers with their next release, I highly doubt I will be purchasing their next product.]Paid mods. Bethesda - one of the first developers starting to kill modding. Scumbags. Otherwise a decent-ish game I guess. EDIT: Greedy corporate suits were caught in the act their pants down and now mods are free again. It's most likely these suits are clueless as they brought us Horse Armor DLC.]-EDIT: They have removed the paywall on mods but i aint removing my review simply because: 1. This could have been avoided if they reached out to the community for feedback before trying to force this 2. Going to serve as a reminder, from their response seems like they might try to implement it again or in future games 3. Stock game without mods is a garbage port. Read the review and find out why ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Paywall on mods? PAYWALL ON MODS? For this console port with poor support and implementations? And even game mechanics that were rushed for release and are a letdown by default, like for example dragon fighting which is supposed to be the unique element of this game? The mods are what FIXED this game ,made it playable, and overall made it what it is...and now not only they are promoting paywalls on them as DLCs instead of donations, but the modders are only gonna get 25% too? They have the nerve to ask for this so...wall of rant incoming. First of all let me say that I, as probably plenty of other people, know about the extend of the problems this game has BUT we were willing to look away, as this game has an extensive lore and storyline that is truly immersive and the modding community helped with plenty of the problems. I would have never bought this game or even recommend it to anyone without the mods available With that being said and not willing to look away now, i dont even know where to begin to describe how bad the stock game is. The combat system is repetetive, and halfway through the game nothing is challenging anymore in any aspect cause you become COMPLETELY overpowered even on the highest difficulties. You might be sneaking and the enemy would be pushing against you searching for you (blind and without a sense of touch?) and at the same time you could be a tanky hulk mammoth completely dominating cause the only reason you would sneak anyway is to try and add depth to the gameplay yourself. Dont get me started on the dragons, its like they are suicidal. The biggest challenge is getting around the mentally challenged followers/npcs blocking your path with their bodybuilder stance. Plenty of that is fixed up with MODS, including the not-thought-through skill tree and crafting system. BUT we aint discussing em yet, we are talking about stock product. Now you might say well theres lots of lore to go around. Well yes until you get fed up from the fetching repetitive chore quests that every storyline has as its starting point til about half of its length. And that means tons of loading screens. Even between rooms! And i dont want to point fingers but its obvious its because of consolitis. And that brings us to the technical part and the (lack of) support of this game. If you remove vsync it distorts the timeline of the game and npc schedule (even with the 60fps cap), and if you uncap the fps beyond the 60fps limit it breaks the physics of the game. Not only you have to play at max 60fps, but also with the atrocious input lag from vsync! (There are mods that help remedy the situation a bit lowering the input lag) Theres no FOV option, no proper high-res textures, the menus are horrible, including the dialog menus in which your mouse might as well be gimmick cause apparently the game decides to select another option plenty of times instead of the one you were obviously pointing at! Theres no proper optimization, the ultra graphics arent even that ultra since you can tweak them even more through the ini files and obviously they didnt bother enough researching about it and that stuff is just the tip of the iceberg but whatever i could beat this to death. At this point what we have here is not just a console port, but also lack of support. In fact theres so many bugs that the modding community had to release unofficial patches to fix this mess (and the DLC mess) This is not a polished, proper PC game with continued support from the developer, but the exact opposite The only reason this game is even still RELEVANT is the modding community Now Bethesda/valve see that and had the ingenious plan of promoting the mods as DLCs with paywall. And only 25% of the profits will go to the modders. If they truly wanted to support modders they would pay them themselves for finishing up the game! At this point cosmetic mods are irrelevant. BY THAT LOGIC, mods are required to patch the game and they are putting a paywall on it as DLC? And on top of that give only 25% to the ones who did the job? THEIR JOB? Also the majority of the mods REQUIRE you to have a handful of other mods so you could end up breaking your bank before you even get to the cosmetics. And judging by the prices you will end up paying multiple times the full price of the game! Mods also can break after patches or have conflicts between them, but modders have no obligation to fix them. But theres mods for fixing mods conflicting with other mods. I cant even... Marketing them as DLC doesnt make any sense. Seriously who in their right mind thought this was a good idea? The spawn of evil? It would be a whole different story if it was a donation style (as it already is on the community sites) with +75% going to the modders when they deserve it cause they are what sells the extra copies anyway...instead of promoting a paywall. But now with this ATTITUDE they want to infect also our modding community too by luring em into stealing each others work or making early access mods and flooding the workshop for a quick buck The bottom line is, its promoting laziness for developers while they cash in through the work of the modders to finish their product, and its not just a cashgrab, but a disease which wants to spread on as many games as possible I aint gonna support this, and neither should you.-]this game has unlimitted number of dlcs was.]Edit: Gonna keep this review here even though the policy has since been reverted, just as a reminder. Valve should really just add an optional 'donate' button to the mod page and be done with this paid mods nonsense. Seems bad for modders and gamers alike. Personally, I'd never pay for a mod and I can't see myself buying a game who had this business model in place. 10/10 Satans]Paid Mods... Thats all... Oh how the Mighty fall...]Good game,  pay for mods model.]I have thousands of hours in this game. I have casted it for the enjoyment of my viewers for four years, and will no longer do so because of the behavior of the modders, the actions of Bethesda and Valve, and will not support it any further. It is not a mere matter of paying for mods, but the percentages, the policies, the realities of buisness that valve did not inform the initial modders of, and more that have disuaded me from this situation. Especially egregious are the words of several prominent modders who have said that "It's just money" and that there is "no community" after openly declaring they have only returned to the scene for profits. I hope that in the future Bethesda and Valve rework this system and do not leave it to languish in the hopes of earning pennies where they could have created a new vibrant branch of the modding community. Let it be known: Yes, you have lost a paying customer and an active advertiser of your work, both Bethesda and Modders.]Payed for the game, Modded it. Had fun. Crashed. Uninstalled mods, was gonna reinstall. Luckly don't have to pay for mods now. Lets keep it that way. Still left a bad taste in my mouth. Still giving this a negative review. Still neat game.]VALVE WHY WOULD YOU EVER DO PAID MODS 0/10- IGN GABEN I DONT WANNA TALK TO YOU ANYMORE YOU PROBABLY GOT TOUCHED IN INAPROPRIATE PLACES AS A KID GO KILL YOURSELF BY PEEING TOO MUCH THAT ALL THE WATER COMES OUT OF UR BODY AND YOU SHRIVEL UP AND DIE AND A LLAMA COME SUP ABD EATS UR BODY THAN IT POOPS U OUT AND LICKS THE POOP AND THROWS IT OFF A CLIFF BUT THE POOP GROWS WINGS AND FLIES AWAY AND EATS ITSELF THEN BILL COSBY COMES IN AND HE'S LIKE JELLO PUDDING AND STUFF BUT THERES NO PRETZELS SO THE POTATO BLOWS UP AND ALL THE CENTEPEDES WEAR CROWNS BUT ONKY ON TUESDAYS BECAUSE THE BLUE FLAMINGOES DIE THE PINK ONES ACTUALLY DONT DIE THEY DISAPEAR INTO ANOTHER DIMENTION WHERE HIPPOES RULE THE WORLD AND THE OFFICIAL CURRENCY IS POOP. IN SHORT I DONT THINK MCDONALDS FOOD TASTES VERY GOOD]GETFREE!!   The Steam Community is about sharing your work. Have good ideas and help to improve each other. That makes us different of the gaming companies. >>>> Post this every each paid mod you see in steam <<<< Because we don't wan't to let end up steam in a greedy for money- gaming platform. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]Due to recent changes to the workshop and having Paid mods I no longer recommend this game.]Don't buy this game. Don't support Valve and their pay-for-mods business model.]Was the best game I could ask for until it was ruined with the monetizing of mods.]The game is not enjoyably played without mods, and yet, as you've probably heard, they're now behind a lovely paywall! While one can argue that this supports modders, the extremely small cut taken by the actual modders who make the mods means that it costs you a lot of money and they get chump change while Valve and Bethesda walk away with all the money. I cannot support this practice in any form, so I would say do NOT get Skyrim until this issue has been fixed. Get Oblivion, or Fallout or something instead, I say.]I already paid for the game once. Why should i pay to be able to play it too?]Paid mods, I hope not but this could mark the end of PC gaming as we know it . Many people get the PC version of a game due to the mods. Now that is going away, many people might not stay.]I loved this game and have spent hundreds of hours both playing it and modding it. The recent issues with Bethesda (Primarily) and Valve attempting to monetize mods has been so poorly done that it leaves me with a bad feeling associated with Skyrim, Bethesda, and Valve. Whilst I think allowing modders to receive some money payment for their hard work if you appreciate it is fundamentally a good thing, Bethesda and Skyrim's implemtation of the paid mods system destroys the very community spirit of sharing and helping that produces great mods. It instead promotes, stealing, theft, single developers producing simple forgettable mods. I'm sure what we all want to see is large mods with lots of content that fit seamlessly into the Tamriel game world, which takes a large amount of shared assets and collaboration, something that is very very difficult to monetise. The only reason that Skyrim/Morrowind/Fallout 3/Fallout NV/Oblivion still sell after all this time is because of mods and Bethesda decided that making money from an extended life cycle from modding hobbyists wasn't enough, that also wanted 45% of mod sales from your hobby time. Really disgusting ... I suggest buying your games from gog.com from now on and possibly modding in Redkit.]Who's the completely moronic piece of shiitaku mushrooms that thought "hm, maybe screwing the consumers in the  with paid mods would be a good idea"???]Only reason this game survived as long as it did was the vibrant modding community. Of course Bethesda and Valve thought to themselves, "If only we could rake in money from this, beyond the money we've made on the fact that this game still sells at 30 bucks." Paid mods ed the community. We can only hope this practise is not replicated.]I feel more betrayed by Gaben then Robb Stark at the Red Wedding. The fact that I will have to pay for Macho Man Randy Savage to replace my dragons is insanity. And here I thought Steam was different. :(]Paid mods. I get where Valve is coming from in doing it, but it's an ill-concieved plan and therefore I must voice my displeasure.]Would reccomend this game, as it is fantastic and I enjoy it, but the core value and so playability has been ruined by the mod payment fiasco. Would not reccomend until the situation is resolved.]Don't recommend, Bethesda and Valve are tearing the modding community apart with the workshop.]Was 10/10. Paid Mods? 0/10.]mods cost $money$]GETFREE!!   The Steam Community is about sharing your work. Have good ideas and help to improve each other. That makes us different of the gaming companies. >>>> Post this every each paid mod you see in steam <<<< Because we don't wan't to let end up steam in a greedy for money- gaming platform. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]I'm going to have to join the stomp fest on this game due to the new paid modding system. 75% of the proceeds go to Valve and Bethesda, and the 25% the mod developer gets appears to go into their Steam Wallet... it's not even "real money." I don't mind supporting modders, but I'm not going to be nickel and dimed to death to support an ancient game. My next playthrough was going to be mod powered, but if I'm going to have to buy $30 of mods (that's a new game! Or two!) in order to do so I'll just go play another new game instead.]Can't recommend now with paid mods and all. It's sad really.]ultimate free content for money experience]I love Skyrim. Supporting the mod creators is great, too. So being able to donate to uploaders would be nice but, quite frankly, any Mod that forces me to pay to use will be dropped like a rock with a nice, full feeling of, "get rekt". As they say. 1$ for a sword? Are you kidding me? I was going to upgrade my video card and ram, as the selection of mods I wished to use were just a little outside of my current setup. Now, I would rather either hire someone to beat sense into these people, or to cover the hospital fees after bashing my head against a wall for the state the world is in.]This would have been a good review. But then they started selling mods]Paid mods = bad for business.]I'm not paying for what was Free, I would donate , but not pay , alot of the times the mods won't work anyways!]Lackluster vanilla experience. Used to be a great modding platform, but with the introduction of paid mods and the division of the modding community not worth it anymore. Not supporting paid DLC.]The greed is real! First the massive invasion of Early Access games, now the selling of Mods. What will be next? Shame on Bethesda for supporting this BS!]I was going to write i nice review.... But then the modding to an arrow to the knee..... *ba dum tss*]Paid mods? Seriously?]Please gib 100 for horse  armour]Down with paid mods! Up with waffles!]A game which had been damaged by the new pay for mods system. Despite the sale DO NOY BUY THIS GAME as you are supporting what may ruin this community]Good game. 10/10 But the review Mod cost me $9.99..]Go to hell with your pay for mods!]I can no longer support and recommend this game. Valve is being a bunch of greedy jerks, and are making us pay for mods. I do not and cannot support that.]Garbage. Skyrim was once a decent game plagued by bug issues. Now users are being expected to pay for what used to be free modifications to the game - including modifications that were designed specifically to fix those bug issues. Don't buy this game, don't buy from Bethesda, don't buy from Steam until they fix these practices.]If I had been making this review last week I would have whole heartedly recommended this game, but with the advent of the Paid Steam Workshop that is no longer the case. Putting mods behind a paywall has sundered the close knit mod community and has very much cheapened the whole game as a result. Not to mention that almost all mods are collabrative in nature and thus has led to some mod authors putting other peoples work behind a paywall that they won't see a dime for(not that many of them would want their work being charged for). I don't blame the modders in question for this, as they are getting screwed in this deal anyway by only recieving $0.25 of every $1.00 that steam/publisher gets. The fault lies squarely on the shoulders of Valve and Bethesda.]You should have acted. They are already here. The EA DLC Scrolls told of their return. Their defeat was merely delay, until the time after Steam opened, when the modders of Skyrim would spill their own blood. But no one wanted to believe, believe they even exist (paid mods). And when the truth finally dawned, it dawned in money! But there is a group they fear in their tongue, they are called the Steam Community!]Paid mods with censored criticism, no quality standards, copied assets, and only 1/4 of the money goes towards the creator. Don't support this disaster.]Skyrim has a large world but it frequently lacks depth. The combat is lacking on most character builds. If you do not focus on combat skills early on the game can become quite difficult. Crafting is not balanced and is at first very ineffective then overpowered. The diffrences between armor types when you do smithing becomes minute. Skyrim also has less complexity than the previous games. Most of the game is not balanced and hides behind the players ability to stunlock enemies or eat and drink a constant stream of items. The story overly focuses on the player being the choosen one. Large portions of the world are quite grey and boring. While most people use mods to fix this, recently Bethesda along with Valve has choosen to monetize modding. As a result, I can no longer recommend this game as it has too many flaws that can no longer quickly be fixed for free.]I love the game, currently hate the company though. What kind of an idea is "paid mods". Like, really?]paying for mods?! 4REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEL?]To much of my sadness, most graphic mods I previously used have gone paid. Which you can figure isn't that big of a problem would it be 1 mod at 2 bucks. But I, and most people who play Skyrim, have like 30 or more. Will play again once I get over the paywall.]Might as well be a pay to play now...]Say nope to the Paid mods and you've just killed an awesome game. Congrats Valve and Bethesda!]Downloaded mods off the nexus, cracked paywall'ed mods and put them online for free, had intercourse with women, made money lol  you guys.]I love all the new mods! I spent $10 on this game and needed to spend $50 on mods! Now it is just like consoles!]i am against it thanks to paid mods ......./\ ....../..N.\ ...../O\ .....|||||||||| .....|P| .....|A| .....|I.| .....|D| .....|||||||||| .....|M| .....|O| .....|D| ._-"|S|"-_.......................... ].... ] |=========|...\/............. ..../#####\...........................Il]...Il] ...."""""""""........../ \........................]As mentioned before, "Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve." -BS|Couchfighter I concur & strongly disapprove of this game now & Bethesda's tactics too.]Paid mods are going to ruin this brilliant game and many others like it. Im making a statement and will not purchase another product from Valve, or any other company that joined this ridiculous opressive program.]To quote the ever on point 'Angry' Joe Vargas: "Ya done ed it up!" Valve...]Lets take something perfectly nice and completely ruin it.]This game is for scrubs.]Introduded Paid Mods, don't bother.]Bethesda jumped ship and now wants to grab as much money from this game as possible. Shameful, and I will not be supporting their games from now on.]Bring back free mods.]I love this game, but Paid-mods is a off puting idea as it is and Valve's implementation is just horrific.]I have enjoyed this game so very much, and it's killing me that I have to give it a negative review based on recent events. Monetizing mods has me heartbroken on the future of this franchise, and even that of Fallout as well. I have no issue with paying someone for their mods if they're of high quality, via donation or something along those lines, but being FORCED to is sickening. Gone are the days where people work together and collaborate on mods, building one off of another, for the love and enjoyment of the game and the series itself. Now that money has been introduced, pandora's box has been opened, and that friendly little mod community will begin to shred itself apart from the inside out from greed and cutthroat tactics, such as people stealing someone's mod for profit, or someone using a mod that relies heavily on another mod to function. We have already seen an issue with this in the recently removed "Art of the Catch" mod on the steam workshop. I truly disagree with the direction Valve and Bethesda have decided to go with this, especially since both of them are making 75% of the money while the creator of the mod gets such a "generous" 25%. I feel as though the modding scene for great games like this is going to die and be replaced with one of the disgusting Free-2-Play models: a world full of Microtransactions that will nickel and dime you to death at every chance they get. Again, the game itself is amazing, my invested hours are a testament to that. But a large majority of that time was spent messing with so many of the incredible mods that have made this game far better than Bethesda could have hoped for, from things such as the much needed unoffical bugfix patches to complete overhauls of many in-game systems. This is all thanks to the close-knit modding community, the very one that will be destroyed if this practice of monetizing mods does not get sorted out soon...]paid mods is a bs idea. Mods should be free, like they have always been.]see that mountain? you can pay $5 for it]Not worth buying on steam with all this pay for what was free stuff.]my Positive review Price :$29.99 my Negative Review Price :Free to See Must pay a fee to see my positive review.]this game killed my dog. It was either take him to the vet or buy mods to make this game a tiny bit better.]This was a really great game. Fan of the rpg genre, I had a lot of fun playing it, exploring a huge open world and its lore, leveling up and getting stronger, aquiring items, etc.. Its one of those games to which their community is an essential part. the possibilities mods added to this game is what made it so popular. But now that payed mods are an official thing here on steam, things are going to be a little different and i fear that might have killed the best part of this game. Without its mods Skyrim is "only" a good game. Payed mods is a big hindrance to modder collaborations and the modding community in general. I can not recommend this game any more and i really hope this system wont expand to all other games on steam]This new paid mod situation really ruins what was a wonderful and free culture. Allowing the mod creators to accept donations would make sense but its tons of free publicity by allowing those mods to exist. Come on Bethesda, make this right.]Bethseda have stabbed the community in the back that have supported it for so long. Absolute disgrace. You may as well be EA.]In light of Bethesda's decision to start charging for mods, I've decided I should be compensated for my reviews too! To change this review to a positive one, please deposit $10 USD into my Steam wallet. For glowing praise, please add another $5 USD.]*Pay $5 to view comment*]gaben went full ea mode with mods. BOO]Loved this game. Loved the mods for it eve more. Realy made everything great. Donated to a lot of the mods that are "must haves." Then paid mods happned. Which at first stung. Then SkyUI is going pay only? Sorry but I already donated. Nope. This is a major problem. Valve pionered this, Bethesda is finding a way to make more money, while valve finds a way to make sure the mod creaters get no money at all.]Paying for bug fixes? ... Yeah, nah.]This game supports paid mods. I do not. Really disapointed now valve.]Pay for DLC ? Not Even Once.]Demands 45% of mod revenue despite literally doing nothing, and never fixing the myriad of bugs in their core game over the last 5 years. Avoid this publisher if you want to avoid supporting paid-mods and lack of developer support!]Valve makes enough money as it is.]No one likes your pay-mods.]I loved this game till they added pay for mods guess what I uninstalled today ? This game.]A poorly made game. To the point the developer expects the players to add in content themselves without compensation. Now, in turn, instead of rewarding users who add on to their game, they want to charge you for it. RIP Bethesda.]Why would we pay for mods?]DO NOT BUY!!! Paid Mods? jajajaja what a joke. So now I have to pay for every mod no matter how bad it is and the developer only gets 25%??? REALLY!!!??? This game supports paid mods, I do not.]I am unhappy with Valve's decision to allow mods to be placed behind a paywall.]Bethesda has seriously crossed a line by charging players for OTHER PEOPLE'S WORK. This was a TERRIBLE move by them and I'm seriously unimpressed. This was clearly not the correct model to be using if they wished for people to make paid mods. Perhaps a 'humble bundle' model would have been better, where there is a suggested price and you can change where the payment goes (more to the game dev, more to valve, more to the modder, etc.) or you can pay nothing at all. Elder Scrolls Online was bad enough, now this? Bethesda has now lost my support as a customer. Bye.]Can't really support paid mods. Mods are supposed to be by fans for fans.]Apparently you can steal someone else's mod, and upload it to steam, charge money for it and that's fine by steam, and bethesda (because the copyright for all mods belongs to bethesda, not the creator of the mod). If you (as the creator of the mod) try to go to the page where someone else is selling your mod and you say anything negative (ie shame on steam or something along those lines while using 100% civil language), you will be banned from community posts. I'm not a mod creator, but this is a problem many mod creators who offer their mods for free on nexus. Many mod creators have started taking their mods down simply to stop them from being stolen. But steam doesn't care, Bethesda doesn't care; Bethdesda gets 45% of every mod sold, Steam gets 30%, and the mod creator (if they even are the original creator) gets 25%.]Was great until Valve and Bethesda agreed to gouge the modding community.]So is TF2 the next mod we have to pay for?]Unfortuntaley Bethesda and Valve have decided to kill this game by hiding mods behind a paywall. Maybe Bethesda should hire people who keep doing their coding for them instead of screwing them over by giving them 25% of the profits for their created content. It's like charging a taxi driver 75% of his profits because you made the car.]"You should have acted. They are already here. The Monopoly told of their return. Their defeat was merely a delay. Until the time after Next Gen opened, when the sons of Gamers would spill their own blood. But no one wanted to believe, believe they even exist. And when the truth finally dawned, Payed Mods! But there is one they fear, in their tongue, he is TotalBiscuit, The Cyncial Brit!"]Paid mods, get out of here you greedy tools.]It's good to see the quality control will be so good in your new paid mods. I love the armor that they couldn't even be bothered to put into the world so you have to use console commands for it. And they haven't even finished it yet! Totally worth paying for. /sarcasm]Thanks Steam, you ruined a perfectly good game. A game that i loved for about 3 years now. A moddable paradise, now ruined. The one game I could feel free from the thought of paying bills and such. Now just to download a mod i have to waste money. You have ruined the world of gaming, a world where players could feel free to escape reality for a little while. I do not recomend this game. What once was the perfect game is now another failure like every other game that has come out recently. Thanks valve for ruining a perfectly good game. Sincerely, an Elder Scrolls fan]Fetch quests, horrible interface, quest arrow that takes thinking out of the experience.]Good job Valve; you managed to mess Skyrim up retroactively.]I used to be a gamer like you, but then i took a paywall arrow to the everywhere. >>>-------------->]RIP in pepperoni free mods.]This can't happen. If Skyrim falls to this paid workshop, lots of developers will follow suit and soon we'll have to pay $2.50 for a mod just to boot the game. Shame on you, Gaben. I thought you knew better than to do something like this.]Constantly making bug filled games that require third party "unofficial patches" and mods is bad enough. Monetizing these things? Beyond the pale. Bye-bye Bethesda.]Some guy #1: "So, let's see, the best way to milk this game for money, while making the most chaos out of nothing." Some guy #2: "What about... More DLCs?!" Some guy #1: "Nah, not enough chaos. Everyone is doing the DLC spam thing right now. Let's be radical and different." Some guy #2: "I see. Oh, what about we let modders sell their mods and then we can take the most of their earnings?!" Some guy #1: "Hells to the yeah! Not only do we get a fat profit, we're now also completely ruining the mod community by splitting it up. Like, some modders that have created foundations, which a whole load of other mods depend on, now suddenly start charging money for those! Good thinking, brah. Hail Hydra."]I am unhappy with Valve's decision to allow mods to be placed behind a paywall.]Bethesda has seriously crossed a line by charging players for OTHER PEOPLE'S WORK. This was a TERRIBLE move by them and I'm seriously unimpressed. This was clearly not the correct model to be using if they wished for people to make paid mods. Perhaps a 'humble bundle' model would have been better, where there is a suggested price and you can change where the payment goes (more to the game dev, more to valve, more to the modder, etc.) or you can pay nothing at all. Elder Scrolls Online was bad enough, now this? Bethesda has now lost my support as a customer. Bye.]Can't really support paid mods. Mods are supposed to be by fans for fans.]Apparently you can steal someone else's mod, and upload it to steam, charge money for it and that's fine by steam, and bethesda (because the copyright for all mods belongs to bethesda, not the creator of the mod). If you (as the creator of the mod) try to go to the page where someone else is selling your mod and you say anything negative (ie shame on steam or something along those lines while using 100% civil language), you will be banned from community posts. I'm not a mod creator, but this is a problem many mod creators who offer their mods for free on nexus. Many mod creators have started taking their mods down simply to stop them from being stolen. But steam doesn't care, Bethesda doesn't care; Bethdesda gets 45% of every mod sold, Steam gets 30%, and the mod creator (if they even are the original creator) gets 25%.]Was great until Valve and Bethesda agreed to gouge the modding community.]So is TF2 the next mod we have to pay for?]Unfortuntaley Bethesda and Valve have decided to kill this game by hiding mods behind a paywall. Maybe Bethesda should hire people who keep doing their coding for them instead of screwing them over by giving them 25% of the profits for their created content. It's like charging a taxi driver 75% of his profits because you made the car.]"You should have acted. They are already here. The Monopoly told of their return. Their defeat was merely a delay. Until the time after Next Gen opened, when the sons of Gamers would spill their own blood. But no one wanted to believe, believe they even exist. And when the truth finally dawned, Payed Mods! But there is one they fear, in their tongue, he is TotalBiscuit, The Cyncial Brit!"]Paid mods, get out of here you greedy tools.]It's good to see the quality control will be so good in your new paid mods. I love the armor that they couldn't even be bothered to put into the world so you have to use console commands for it. And they haven't even finished it yet! Totally worth paying for. /sarcasm]I will not pay for mods for ANY game. I have 73 mods on my current install that would end up costing me well over $100 if they were to become paid mods. I will not support this practice for Skyrim or ANY game because modding is a hobby. Just like any hobby, it will end up costing way more than what you get out of it, even through donations. I don't get paid to build model planes, why should they get paid to build swords on a computer?]only buy it if you ing love really old style 0h]Everyone grab the pitchforks we're going on a riot! Bring the catapults!!!]FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS! FREE THE MODS!]Played over 1500 hours before paid mods wont be playing again. 0/10 great game ruined]You can keep 75% of this review.]Paid mods. Really guys?]Average game with bugs. Amazing game.... with mods, which are behind a paywall now. GG Bethesda and Valve]You know why i dislike this, take the payment mods off.]Valvo u dun ed up big time with them money mods, greedy greedy.]OUT WITH THE PAID MODS]never written a review until now. Don't pay for mods]I've already been salty for a long time that (basically) the only way to enjoy a good PC gaming collection is to RENT the rights to those games via Steam, where although you paid full price for it, its still actually their product. But THIS? Paid modding... Valve has gone from one of my favorites to one of my least liked companies...and Bethesda? All those glorious years of TES...from Morrowind upwards, and you lower yourself to Valve's level? Goodbye, good memories.]Excellent game with enough of the right mods. Buggy mess without. I'm sorry to say that for that reason, I cannot under current circumstances recommend buying this game.]Game is obvious cash grab bethesda needs to invest their time into better games like for my ipad N00b Casual/10]i shouldn't have to pay real money for virtual]Shameful cash grab by billion dollar companies. Way to ruin a community by greed.]your pay for mods bull]Really, mods hidden behind a paywal?!?!]only buy it if you ing love really old style 0h]I played hours (not all recorded on Steam) on Skyrim. The game with it's FREE mods was something great, amazing, got me up at night without seeing the time pass, as I was enjoying it so much. But now, with Valve and Bethesda introducing the worst ever ideas planned in the Modding community, I can't recommend the game anymore.]Almost 100hrs in this game and I don't recommend it. Why? Because the only reason to play it, mods, will now be monetized by Valve which means you'll have to pay more than for just the game, for it to be good. The only reason I even played this game was because the modding scene made it playabe, otherwise it's a boring shell of an RPG. Does it have a lot of base content? Yep. Is it good? Barely. I can only remember a handful of side quests I actually enjoy, I even spoiled the ending for myself to see it wasn't even worth getting to. Can you still use Nexus? Yup. However, a lot of greedy s will ship their mods here, and only here, while Valve and Bethesda make most of the profit from someone else's creation. Not to mention the mod section will end up being another Greenlight/Early Access in which we pay for crap that doesn't work and/or breaks our game. GG Valve, you're making yourself anti-consumer every day. EDIT: The paid mod service has been removed. I will not being changing my score due to Bethesda agreeing with adding the feature to begin with. However, you no longer have to fear for paid modding as of right now.]Mods that cost more than the game. Geniality. Never Forget 04/2015]This supported paid mods and as a modder and mapper I strongly do not and it is a disgusting practice making its way onto the gaming scene that should remain on the mobile market and elsewhere. Until the practice stops, I cannot recommend this game for purchase at all. Hell, not even Oblivion or Morrowind. Spend your money elsewhere and for games that encourage free modding, the same goes for dropping support for any mod authors who has the gall to put their mod up on the Workshop and/or those removing/hiding their Nexus mods. Do not support mod authors who support monetizing something that is free, do not support Bethesda either. Hell, don't even bother with the future release of DOOM 4 which I will skip happily and stick with oldschool DOOM games. In the immortal words of Angry Joe, you done f*cked it up! Edit April 28th 2015: Even with the paid mods being removed after an enormous uproar and backlash, I still say keep away from the game since Bethesda is a tricky and slimy company to give your money to, keep yourselves on guard and think careful before considering any purchases for this game.]Once I was a player of Skyrim, just like you. But then they tried to make me pay for mods. EDIT: 29th of April 2015: The "paid mods" idea has been successfully shouted out of the room. In memory of what threatened the community, this review will remain negative until brighter times. I still enjoy a good hour o' skyrim though.]Keeping my review negative because Valve's only regret was that they started with Skyrim]Payed mods = Valve and Bethesda trying to steal your money.]Update: Valve has removed paid mods support from Skyrim and most games, in a reversal to the previous decision, refunding all buyers fully. The initial press release seems like damage control (Skyrim's positive user review percentage dropped from 96 to 85 in 3 days), and the choice to remove paid mods rather than give modders a much larger share doesn't address my concerns, stated below.   Regarding both Valve and Bethesda, I'd like to repeat the age-old warning: Buyer Beware! With the rare exceptions of large-scale outrage, Steam buyers don't get refunds. As for Skyrim, well, what I wrote about the state of the unmodded game stands: 7/10, very buggy, gets old rather fast. ---Original--- Paid mods.  While I'm not against paid mods (I'm a small-time modder myself, but I post mine for free, either under Creative Commons/GNU GPL or in the public domain), I do dislike the way the system has been implemented here. There are a few large issues I have a problem with: - the original game publisher gets a bigger cut than the mod developer. I feel that a game will get more sales if there are mods for it, especially for games as buggy as Skyrim (there's a main quest progression bug that still hasn't been fixed by the official patches, only by fan-made mods), so the publisher and game creators already benefit for having a moddable game. What better way to distribute profits than letting the publisher get the revenue for the game, and the modders for the mods? Let the market speak, and don't dip your hands into other people's revenue streams. - the mod authors get only 25%. Some people argue that game developers get similar percentages - while it is true in many cases, it doesn't mean it's an ideal state. If it's possible, why not minimise logistics costs (publishing, paid advertising), or let the mod authors decide how much they want to invest in it after they get the purchase money? - the mod bundle rating widget has been removed after it accrued a rating of 1/5 stars. Now, the bundle only shows positive ratings, not an average or a percentage (like positive ratings out of all ratings). I also am concerned for the future: if we're to give money to Steam for downloading mods, when will we have to pay for downloading games, using Steam multiplayer, streaming, or simply for using Steam DRM to start the game itself? Now, back to the game itself: Without mods I feel that the game is buggy, sometimes unfinishable (in half my vanilla playthroughs I couldn't progress the main questline) and rather boring. The expansion I like most, Dragonborn, is fun, yet a pale shadow to old Morrowind, and more buggy than the original game. 7/10 ---End Original---]I love the extensive free mod community, oh wait my bad I was looking at mod nexus...]<tfw paid mods <boycott <praisegabenallthesame <WHYYYYYYYVOLVOWHYYYYYYY? <tfwGG]The game is OK but Im not going to pay to have my orc  a guy]Paid Mods is NOT okay. This need to stop Valve. Just add a donation button so we can choose to pay if we want to. Don't force it upon us.]75% cut by valve with an undisclosed publishers split is indefensible. As well as this, paid mods, if allowed to continue, will completely change the essence of what moding is. It will go from a passionate environement full of colloboration, to a profit seeking environement where profit is the end goal. No-one is saying moders don't deserve to be finincial supported or rewarded for there efforts, but the way to do it should not fundamentaly change the moding community. Edit: leaving as negative, just as a reminder, and so valve/bathesda are left with a scar that I think they deserve for implementing these things without consulting (or even understanding?) the community at all.]Valve and Bethesda charging for mods on the workshop? Seriously guys. The way that some mods, almost required mods, are behind a paywall is splitting the modding community in half and as a result making people change their opinion on what once was a good game into a micro-transactional cesspit. With the mod view aside, the game is 'good' but isn't what I expected from the game, maybe this is because I heard all the hype after release and therefore expected a game worthy of its God status. When launched, I was greeted by a fairly grim and dare I say, poor, looking game. I'm not exactly a graphics  and can live with lower res textures but stretching textures, buggy gameplay, locked framerate, poor LOD, lifeless NPCs along with a number of other issues doesn't make the game seem worth the hype and status its earned, especially on PC. Yes, its a good game but in my opinion it relies heavily on outside/third party support to get the brunt of the game as enjoyable an experience as what it was hyped up to be. As has said before, the width of an ocean but the depth of a puddle in terms of gameplay and story. Valve and Bethesda, fix your .]I'm keeping this review as a reminder to not trust Valve]Paid mods are bad or whatever.]Almost 100hrs in this game and I don't recommend it. Why? Because the only reason to play it, mods, will now be monetized by Valve which means you'll have to pay more than for just the game, for it to be good. The only reason I even played this game was because the modding scene made it playabe, otherwise it's a boring shell of an RPG. Does it have a lot of base content? Yep. Is it good? Barely. I can only remember a handful of side quests I actually enjoy, I even spoiled the ending for myself to see it wasn't even worth getting to. Can you still use Nexus? Yup. However, a lot of greedy s will ship their mods here, and only here, while Valve and Bethesda make most of the profit from someone else's creation. Not to mention the mod section will end up being another Greenlight/Early Access in which we pay for crap that doesn't work and/or breaks our game. GG Valve, you're making yourself anti-consumer every day. EDIT: The paid mod service has been removed. I will not being changing my score due to Bethesda agreeing with adding the feature to begin with. However, you no longer have to fear for paid modding as of right now.]Mods that cost more than the game. Geniality. Never Forget 04/2015]This supported paid mods and as a modder and mapper I strongly do not and it is a disgusting practice making its way onto the gaming scene that should remain on the mobile market and elsewhere. Until the practice stops, I cannot recommend this game for purchase at all. Hell, not even Oblivion or Morrowind. Spend your money elsewhere and for games that encourage free modding, the same goes for dropping support for any mod authors who has the gall to put their mod up on the Workshop and/or those removing/hiding their Nexus mods. Do not support mod authors who support monetizing something that is free, do not support Bethesda either. Hell, don't even bother with the future release of DOOM 4 which I will skip happily and stick with oldschool DOOM games. In the immortal words of Angry Joe, you done f*cked it up! Edit April 28th 2015: Even with the paid mods being removed after an enormous uproar and backlash, I still say keep away from the game since Bethesda is a tricky and slimy company to give your money to, keep yourselves on guard and think careful before considering any purchases for this game.]Once I was a player of Skyrim, just like you. But then they tried to make me pay for mods. EDIT: 29th of April 2015: The "paid mods" idea has been successfully shouted out of the room. In memory of what threatened the community, this review will remain negative until brighter times. I still enjoy a good hour o' skyrim though.]Keeping my review negative because Valve's only regret was that they started with Skyrim]Payed mods = Valve and Bethesda trying to steal your money.]Update: Valve has removed paid mods support from Skyrim and most games, in a reversal to the previous decision, refunding all buyers fully. The initial press release seems like damage control (Skyrim's positive user review percentage dropped from 96 to 85 in 3 days), and the choice to remove paid mods rather than give modders a much larger share doesn't address my concerns, stated below.   Regarding both Valve and Bethesda, I'd like to repeat the age-old warning: Buyer Beware! With the rare exceptions of large-scale outrage, Steam buyers don't get refunds. As for Skyrim, well, what I wrote about the state of the unmodded game stands: 7/10, very buggy, gets old rather fast. ---Original--- Paid mods.  While I'm not against paid mods (I'm a small-time modder myself, but I post mine for free, either under Creative Commons/GNU GPL or in the public domain), I do dislike the way the system has been implemented here. There are a few large issues I have a problem with: - the original game publisher gets a bigger cut than the mod developer. I feel that a game will get more sales if there are mods for it, especially for games as buggy as Skyrim (there's a main quest progression bug that still hasn't been fixed by the official patches, only by fan-made mods), so the publisher and game creators already benefit for having a moddable game. What better way to distribute profits than letting the publisher get the revenue for the game, and the modders for the mods? Let the market speak, and don't dip your hands into other people's revenue streams. - the mod authors get only 25%. Some people argue that game developers get similar percentages - while it is true in many cases, it doesn't mean it's an ideal state. If it's possible, why not minimise logistics costs (publishing, paid advertising), or let the mod authors decide how much they want to invest in it after they get the purchase money? - the mod bundle rating widget has been removed after it accrued a rating of 1/5 stars. Now, the bundle only shows positive ratings, not an average or a percentage (like positive ratings out of all ratings). I also am concerned for the future: if we're to give money to Steam for downloading mods, when will we have to pay for downloading games, using Steam multiplayer, streaming, or simply for using Steam DRM to start the game itself? Now, back to the game itself: Without mods I feel that the game is buggy, sometimes unfinishable (in half my vanilla playthroughs I couldn't progress the main questline) and rather boring. The expansion I like most, Dragonborn, is fun, yet a pale shadow to old Morrowind, and more buggy than the original game. 7/10 ---End Original---]I love the extensive free mod community, oh wait my bad I was looking at mod nexus...]<tfw paid mods <boycott <praisegabenallthesame <WHYYYYYYYVOLVOWHYYYYYYY? <tfwGG]The game is OK but Im not going to pay to have my orc  a guy]Paid Mods is NOT okay. This need to stop Valve. Just add a donation button so we can choose to pay if we want to. Don't force it upon us.]75% cut by valve with an undisclosed publishers split is indefensible. As well as this, paid mods, if allowed to continue, will completely change the essence of what moding is. It will go from a passionate environement full of colloboration, to a profit seeking environement where profit is the end goal. No-one is saying moders don't deserve to be finincial supported or rewarded for there efforts, but the way to do it should not fundamentaly change the moding community. Edit: leaving as negative, just as a reminder, and so valve/bathesda are left with a scar that I think they deserve for implementing these things without consulting (or even understanding?) the community at all.]Valve and Bethesda charging for mods on the workshop? Seriously guys. The way that some mods, almost required mods, are behind a paywall is splitting the modding community in half and as a result making people change their opinion on what once was a good game into a micro-transactional cesspit. With the mod view aside, the game is 'good' but isn't what I expected from the game, maybe this is because I heard all the hype after release and therefore expected a game worthy of its God status. When launched, I was greeted by a fairly grim and dare I say, poor, looking game. I'm not exactly a graphics  and can live with lower res textures but stretching textures, buggy gameplay, locked framerate, poor LOD, lifeless NPCs along with a number of other issues doesn't make the game seem worth the hype and status its earned, especially on PC. Yes, its a good game but in my opinion it relies heavily on outside/third party support to get the brunt of the game as enjoyable an experience as what it was hyped up to be. As has said before, the width of an ocean but the depth of a puddle in terms of gameplay and story. Valve and Bethesda, fix your .]I'm keeping this review as a reminder to not trust Valve]Paid mods are bad or whatever.]you know, this game was a waste of money, it was mediocre in almost every way, so utterly forgettable, i didnt think it was worthly of even the time taken to write a review but hey, that changed today because the game now offers... paid mods, freakin' pay for what has been a free and major aspect of PC gaming since forever, screw this game, screw game companies in general, nowadays you pay 60 dollars for a game and you are not guaranteed a FULL GAME, you are not guaranteed A WORKING GAME at launch, and at every turn game companies will try their hardest to squeeze the last cent out of you with DLC, day one DLC, pre-order bonuses, microtransactions and now this, paying for freaking mods you might be thinking now "but Nuclear Kangaroo, you are not entitled to the modder's work" its true, but then, how come Valve and bethesda are? the modder only gets a 25% cut out of every sale, the rest goes to valve/bethesda, if the total profit of the modder does not exceed 100$ the modder gets NOTHING, the modders can use the work of other free mods for their PAID MODS, without the knowledge or the consent of the modders they steal the work from, the modder can have their paid mods bundled in any sort of DLC made by the publisher, which then can decide to not give a cent to ANY modder involved not to mention that by placing the incentive this already fragments the modding community, placing a paywall between the people who play mods and those who create it this wont lead to better mods that everyone can enjoy, the only mods that MIGHT get better are the PAID ones this move does not benefit the customer, it barely benefits the modder, it only benefits valve and the publishers, screw this game and any future game that does this also like i said the game is pretty mediocre EDIT: paid mods were removed but the game is still mediocre so i still dont recommend it]Want a review? Sorry, that is part of the review mod, which you can now buy for 6.99!]This is one of my favorite games and its Modding community is one of the best, but now they want us to pay for a mod that someone else copied, so that guy can get 25c on the dollar and line valve's pockets. Welp, its back to the Nexus till Steam wises up and adds a donation button to coders. Mods are made by fans/for fans; lets not make this the DLC version of the App store.]Paid mods where the creator only gets 25% of the revenue? No. Uninstalled and will never play again.]avoid everything made by this company they are only here to screw you out of your money]Paying for mods? 1/10 ayy lmao]dont buy, paid mods. Didnt know that you could make money off of another persons game and code. Thought that stuff was copyrighted.]If it wasn't a software product, it would be a trash bag. Because there are lots of garbage in it. It is really embarrassing to see braindeads praise this game like a god. It should be illegal to be that stupid to like this game. Also it should be illegal let the ones loves the game live. But this kind of hopeless games helps to recognize idiots. It can be used in the job interviews also. If the job candidate liked this game, then he shouldn't be employed no matter what. He even shouldn't be a janitor in that facility. I played this disgrace for a few minutes. In this short few minutes i felt like i was drowning in sewer. At first minutes of the game i did what i told as a mission. After that i chose my own path and TRIED to slaughter a town. BUT the game has its own brainless way, i couldn't kill some of them. BECAUSE they are ESSENTIAL. wtf kid? Are you really serious? If this game is really epic, then it should have contain a story for every kill i committed, every activity i did. But no, essentials are now my enemy, they just SIT after defeat and regenerate health, and I could do a thing about it.]Paid mods, really...? Disgusting.]Want a review? Sorry, that is part of the review mod, which you can now buy for 6.99!]This is one of my favorite games and its Modding community is one of the best, but now they want us to pay for a mod that someone else copied, so that guy can get 25c on the dollar and line valve's pockets. Welp, its back to the Nexus till Steam wises up and adds a donation button to coders. Mods are made by fans/for fans; lets not make this the DLC version of the App store.]Paid mods where the creator only gets 25% of the revenue? No. Uninstalled and will never play again.]avoid everything made by this company they are only here to screw you out of your money]dont buy, paid mods. Didnt know that you could make money off of another persons game and code. Thought that stuff was copyrighted.]If it wasn't a software product, it would be a trash bag. Because there are lots of garbage in it. It is really embarrassing to see braindeads praise this game like a god. It should be illegal to be that stupid to like this game. Also it should be illegal let the ones loves the game live. But this kind of hopeless games helps to recognize idiots. It can be used in the job interviews also. If the job candidate liked this game, then he shouldn't be employed no matter what. He even shouldn't be a janitor in that facility. I played this disgrace for a few minutes. In this short few minutes i felt like i was drowning in sewer. At first minutes of the game i did what i told as a mission. After that i chose my own path and TRIED to slaughter a town. BUT the game has its own brainless way, i couldn't kill some of them. BECAUSE they are ESSENTIAL. wtf kid? Are you really serious? If this game is really epic, then it should have contain a story for every kill i committed, every activity i did. But no, essentials are now my enemy, they just SIT after defeat and regenerate health, and I could do a thing about it.]If Valve wanted to support mods they wouldn't be taking 75% of the cut of revenue off others work.]I've played this game for 3 years. Up until this week I would've recommended it at full price. Now with mods being charged for, I can no longer recommend it at any price.]Skyrim is a mediocre game, dumbed down for consoles and lacks depth. Until recently it was quick and simple to rectify that with mods, since mods were free it didn't matter. Now they are not, the base game is no longer worth the platter space it is etched upon, defacing the pristine condition of your hard drive. no, do not buy this game. Do not support these practices]This is the beginning of the end. Paid mods]Game was amazing until I hit the "STEAL MY MONEY FOR MODS" level. Also I enjoy my $99 HD horse genetalia mod very much. Thank you $team 13/78]Paid workshop mods for Skyrim? Changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]This game was great. Before they tried to sell us previously free mods as dlc.]I don't support any game that makes you pay for mods and only giving the modders 25%. Way to ruin a great series.]Until the paid mods system are either removed ot changed to a donation button I do not recommend buying this game, since it is extremely mod-reliant.]I've always thought the game to be pretty lonely and boring. So there is that.]Have played Skyrim for dozens of hours, though my steam profile won't reflect this. I will not be getting any Bethesda games so long as this pay 4 mods system is in place. It's atrocious.]Down with the paid mods!]I've always loved steam and Valve, but this is unacceptable. To pay for mods? What were you thinking, Valve?? Paying for mods is like paying for adding fun. Nope to this.]This used to be a very good game but since Bethesda decided that fleecing people with crappy DLC content was not enough they decided to add it to modders as well so now you have to pay for most of the mods for this game now. I would recommend avoiding this game and can no longer recommend this at all.]you know, this game was a waste of money, it was mediocre in almost every way, so utterly forgettable, i didnt think it was worthly of even the time taken to write a review but hey, that changed today because the game now offers... paid mods, freakin' pay for what has been a free and major aspect of PC gaming since forever, screw this game, screw game companies in general, nowadays you pay 60 dollars for a game and you are not guaranteed a FULL GAME, you are not guaranteed A WORKING GAME at launch, and at every turn game companies will try their hardest to squeeze the last cent out of you with DLC, day one DLC, pre-order bonuses, microtransactions and now this, paying for freaking mods you might be thinking now "but Nuclear Kangaroo, you are not entitled to the modder's work" its true, but then, how come Valve and bethesda are? the modder only gets a 25% cut out of every sale, the rest goes to valve/bethesda, if the total profit of the modder does not exceed 100$ the modder gets NOTHING, the modders can use the work of other free mods for their PAID MODS, without the knowledge or the consent of the modders they steal the work from, the modder can have their paid mods bundled in any sort of DLC made by the publisher, which then can decide to not give a cent to ANY modder involved not to mention that by placing the incentive this already fragments the modding community, placing a paywall between the people who play mods and those who create it this wont lead to better mods that everyone can enjoy, the only mods that MIGHT get better are the PAID ones this move does not benefit the customer, it barely benefits the modder, it only benefits valve and the publishers, screw this game and any future game that does this also like i said the game is pretty mediocre EDIT: paid mods were removed but the game is still mediocre so i still dont recommend it]Bethesda has sold out it's modding community. Do not support their games. Never forget their sin.]The game's alright, first ES game I've played actually. The payed mods aren't. Thanks but no thanks.]VALVE WHY WOULD YOU EVER DO PAID MODS 0/10- IGN GABEN I DONT WANNA TALK TO YOU ANYMORE YOU PROBABLY GOT TOUCHED IN INAPROPRIATE PLACES AS A KID GO KILL YOURSELF BY PEEING TOO MUCH THAT ALL THE WATER COMES OUT OF UR BODY AND YOU SHRIVEL UP AND DIE AND A LLAMA COME SUP ABD EATS UR BODY THAN IT POOPS U OUT AND LICKS THE POOP AND THROWS IT OFF A CLIFF BUT THE POOP GROWS WINGS AND FLIES AWAY AND EATS ITSELF THEN BILL COSBY COMES IN AND HE'S LIKE JELLO PUDDING AND STUFF BUT THERES NO PRETZELS SO THE POTATO BLOWS UP AND ALL THE CENTEPEDES WEAR CROWNS BUT ONKY ON TUESDAYS BECAUSE THE BLUE FLAMINGOES DIE THE PINK ONES ACTUALLY DONT DIE THEY DISAPEAR INTO ANOTHER DIMENTION WHERE HIPPOES RULE THE WORLD AND THE OFFICIAL CURRENCY IS POOP. IN SHORT I DONT THINK MCDONALDS FOOD TASTES VERY GOOD]Ok, so paid mods are gone now. I will still be keeping my review as negative for the fact that steam and bethesda even tried to do what they did. The game itself is good, though it does get dry after a while. So modding is a huge must if you want to keep playing. *Old Post* "I used to really love this game when mods were free. After this latest fiasco I will not be buying any games from Bethesda ever again and will spread the word to all of my gaming buddies in the military. To quote a article I read earlier today, "Imagine buying a car. You're a flashy type, so you want to slap some dank rims and racing stripes on it. When you take your car to the shop to get it modified, does a percentage of what you pay go to BMW?  no. It should be the same when modifying software. It's already payed for, you should be able to have it modified however you want without giving the original manufacturer anything." This is why I have given this game a bad review. Why buy a game, and then have to keep buying content thats is more then the game itself? Especially if the content has been FREE for the past 4 years."]I made a negative review for this game because I don't want to spend money on workshop mods.]Paid mods are ruining the game, even for me that can't play it because of the lack of a graphic card, bad move valve :( EDIT: In fact this is one of the biggest supportive acts towards witcher 3, great move bethesda and valve :D]Paid mods are ruining the game, even for me that can't play it because of the lack of a graphic card, bad move valve :( EDIT: In fact this is one of the biggest supportive acts towards witcher 3, great move bethesda and valve :D]this paywall]Felt I should jump on the paid mods circlejerk]The new system for charging for mods is horrendous. This will kill the current state of the modding community.]Paying for mods for a game I already paid for.... No thanks]After this whole mod debacle, there's no way I can in good conscious endorse this game and paying for mods. Skyrim is alright but I don't want pop-up ads for mods and having to pay .99 cents for a sword.]I will not support any game that charges for mods.]Mods are great. Paid mods are bad.]Game's good. Buy the game. Paywall mods bad. Don't buy mods.]If I am forced to pay for mods that look as though they where made just to sell, I cannot recommend this game.]Paying for what was supposed to be free. No mods no fun. Well played Valve~]Awesome game. But you can't really get too many mods without paying.. So that sucks.]I love this game, but Bethesda and Valve are killing it with microtransactions. The game is so good on its own, but it's not exactly stable, and Bethesda has for years relied on aftermarket mods to fix their games. These modders work for free and accept donations, but they make their mods free for all. They study the game engine and they experiment with it and they find wonderful tricks that aren't documented, and they share them amongst themselves and the modding community at large to help others help us all by creating mods from new weapon and armor pieces or sets, to entire new lands, to UI fixes, to new characters and features. Paid mods will end this, and make it more of a competition, and this will fragment the community, and make mods incompatible with one another as they exploit the game differently, and counteract one another. I love Skyrim, but I don't recommend you buy it from Steam, until Valve gets their house in order. You can buy the game at a number of other retailers. It will activate on Steam, but that isn't the same as giving Valve your hard-earned money to stab you and other gamers in the back. Or you can play it on consoles, where, despite loading screens that take ages, the game is more or less playable. Hell, I play it on Xbox 360 while I download and install mods on the PC version. I can load Skyrim and test a mod while the Xbox version is loading a city.]End of an era. Average game with underhanded microtransaction "pay more to fix our game with mods!" bull. Once again Bethesda fail to understand what gamers want/need.]Paid mods, not great...]I don't see the problem with the paid mods. If it bothers you that much, vote with your wallet. Sure, Valve and Bethesda get a fat cut, which is kind of annoying I guess, but hey, it's capitalism yo. Downvoting not because a paid mod marketplace bothers me, but because Skyrim is kind of boring, even with mods. Good if you've never played it before.]paid mods means dead game]I have played 8.5 hrs of this game. I have never used a mod but I dinnae wanna pay. #freewilly #nopaidmods #urmom]what he/she said or him/her]Paid mods ed the game up.]it's a great game and all but, paid mods ? NO.]Do not buy this game. Valve has destroyed the community and shown many Skirim modders to be talentless, plagaristic hacks.]Force buying of mods! You were suppose to destroy the consoles not join them GabeN! Also anyone who buys the paid mods should be kicked in the .]Mods are what makes this game, and what has made Valve what they are today. Charging for them is absolutely despicable, especially when the modders don't even get more than 25% of the cut.]] Bob is building an army to fight the war against Paid Mods.  ...\/ Copy and paste him all over the work shop so he Il]. Defeat Greedy Valve Employees!!! ... / \]Paid mods ed the game up.]____________________________________________________________________________ |Attention: By reading this review you are agreeing to pay the new review fee as outlined in the Terms of Service| |___________________________________________________________________________|]You have to pay $2.50 to see this review.]The mods are too cheap.]I'm disappointed that I must give Skyrim a thumbs down. I'm disappointed that such a wonderful game with one of the best modding communities has been irreparably damaged by this attempt to monetize the efforts of hobbyist modders. I'm disappointed that the atmosphere of contribution and open sharing has given way to an atmosphere of squabbling over a few cents for small mods. I'm disappointed that the example which we set for future modders has changed from a philosophy of collaboration to a philosophy of selfishness and greed. Thumbs down for Skyrim.]With the mod support transferring to a paid service I can no longer recommend this game as mods were the only thing making it playable in many instances.]Absolutely worst game I've ever played, completely broken in every respect. Will never purchase another Bethesda or Valve game again. RIP (Paid Mods)]Still going to be a negative review. Consider this a scar. Bethesda and Valve made the choice to right their wrongs. Sounds good, right? Except that righting their own wrong in this case meant: a) fracturing a passionate and longstanding modding community b) having gained nothing but mistrust and resentment And please don't try something like this again in the future. To be clear: no paid mods means no paid mods, quality or revenue split is irrelevant. Paywalling the community for unofficially supported third-party DLC that relies on their (the modding community) resources and assets is unacceptable. Keep doing what you're doing and stick to officially released Bethesda games and DLC.]dont buy this game at present until the greedy SOBS at steam remove the stupid pay-for-mods crap. its insulting steam treat customers like this a good game ruined by greed]......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\ No paid for mods]Classic game that might get destroyed by a terrible business model by Valve and Bethesda.]"Buy mods" No]Hear me out yes this is a great game, but paying for mods is dumb as the Dev doesnt get it all, I say visit the nexus the mods are free. If they want the mods to have a cost then ALL THE MONEY GOES TO THE DEV NOT ONE PENNY GOES TO THEM AND THE DEV CAN CHOOSE THE PRICE.]First game to sellout to Valve, lost all respect for Bethesda, can't see myself buying the next elder scrols unless the paid mods (Low quality DLC) are reverted.]You've lost my trust. I am not against modders receiving compensation for their work, but the current system implemented by Valve will only hurt modders and mod supporters.]This is not the way to do it, this is a huge, huge mistake Steam. There are better ways. please.]Game is great, paid mod dlc is not. This is truly the dark age of pc gaming.]Only worth playing for the mods, which Valve is putting behind a paywall. Sadly this pretty much ruins the reason for buying the game. Hopefully they come to their senses and just add donation buttons. Until then, people will steal others content and post it for profit.]It's a good game which I have spent many a joyful hour playing... and modding. This is the reason I am writing a negative review. The paid mod system is possibly the worst decision made by Valve and Bethesda so far. Forcing someone to pay for something that might not even work with their current configuration of mods is just wrong. A simple 'donate' button would be enough to support the mod developers, especially since most have survived this far without any contribution for their work whatsoever. So many other reasons but if you need to be told them then you probably shouldn't even be on the internet without supervision... Linus to lead the rebellion against the false deity GabeN!!!]I like the game but I am scared of this new trend that we are starting to see. Very soon modding will become like DLCs, you will need to pay for all of them. Then soon after that you will get a "completed" game that you cannot finish or miss large parts of the story because the $60 that they charge you is not enough and you will need to buy more packages.]You should be ashamed of yourselves.... Paid mods...]I bought this game for the huge, and free, modding community. Now that all of that has been thrown behind a pay wall due to Bethesda's greed, it's no longer the same game that I purchased (and would not have purchased if this had been in place from the start).]Modding is a hobby not a career. If modders want money they can make their own game. A mod is a showcase of talent to gain experience to put on a resume. It is a springboard into game development. If modding becomes lucrative, there will be no new game developers, just droves of modders modding the same game over and over.]We do not support paid mods. Good luck, you'll need it.]Mod creators should have the option of being financially supported but not in the way Valve is doing this.]This just in: Valve shortening the gap with EA and Ubisoft to be the biggest joke in gaming.]Paid Mods after how long? WTH?!]After the adition of the workshop and paid-for mods the quality of the game has drastically decreased. Easily obtainable mods is what made this game what it is today and removing or obstructing that has been/will be disastrous for the future of this Skyrim and other games to wich this system may apply in the future.]valve, Just WTF People make mods and download mods, cause they can get free fun, and expansions. DLC Already costs, you dont need mods to cost. youll lose more money,cause some people want to make the game better with mods. making them cost will make people not buy the game.]Amazing how this game's score has dropped from 98% to 87% so quickly]This was always a game I recommended, but with the caveat of it being made fun thanks to mods. Due to the recent monetization of mods I feel I have, for the sake of fairness, to review this game by its own merits, without modability. Visually, its uninteresting dribble made for Xbox 360 hardware, full of bugs that make it as stable as an one legged chair, with so little content that it's scary. The cities look so lived in you'll feel walking through Prypyat, you can only take one NPC with you, which is a blessing in disguise, because they are as interesting as a pile of bricks. Talking about enemies, the Dragons, biggest enemies of the game, might as well be ashtmatic geckos, for all the danger they pose, and their AI, and that of any other enemy is overshadowed by a dog with down syndromme. The combat is: 1-stealth-fire an arrow 2-Win. The civil war is nowhere to be seen, other than in a couple of exchanges with said uninteresting NPCs. All of those problems (and some more) are fixed by mods. Since valve and bethesda want mods to become DLC to get all those dollars, then the game deserves a review of vanilla.]Paid mods should NEVER be a thing supported in the Steam Workshop. Donating to mod makers is one thing - but hiding content FROM the community FOR the community is another. Long live free mods.]Paid Mods.]Paid for mods, sick joke brah.]Paid mods, not reccommended.]So Bethesda and Valve realised that only mods make Skyrim actually playable and they decided to make them user made DLC and keep 75% of the profits while also paying the mod creators only in 100$ bills. As you can see the mod creators won't make any money unless their mod makes over 400$.]Your game has stopped working? Look no further. ''Skyrim.exe has stopped working'' mod is now available for purchase! At the cheap price of 10$, you can now finally fix this issue that will probably still come back and you'll be forced to manually fix it yourself! Eyeing that pretty looking armor on the Workshop? It's YOUR lucky day, pal! Buy this EXCLUSIVE armor set that is purely aesthetic and actually sucks, while you can get better and more reliable armors from Nexus for free! Don't miss out on this cheap price, only 25 bucks! Want to get the paid version for a mod, but still have the free one? NO PROBLEM! We now allow the creator to forcefully place ads whenever you spend time with the free version to force YOU to buy the paid one unless you like being annoyed! As an added bonus, the creator can now stop supporting the free one! Skyrim: Paid Mods Edition! Buy yours TODAY!]Paid mods are not acceptible. this is a petition to get rid of paid mods: https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop]I was not a fan of the game, it seems there are too many bugs unfixed even years after production]I cannot approve of allowing mods, by definition an unofficial alteration of a game, to be sold for money as if it were official content. Nor can I approve of Valve or Bethesda taking a 75% cut despite having invested no work. Nor can I believe the insinuation that allowing mods to be placed behind a paywall is good for a community that has freely debugged, redesigned, and improved the Elder Scrolls series via mods since the release of Morrowind more than a decade ago. Neither the Stormcloaks nor the Empire wants the Thalmor meddling in their business. We don't want greedy executives meddling in ours.]I've been waiting years for the HD horse testical mod.........and it's under a paywall :/]If mods are still paid for: No; this game is complete trash without mods cannot recommend, nor can I support recommending a company that has paid for mods as an option. If mods are no longer paid for: Sure, its a modding platform essentially and nothing past that.]Game is fun, but I cannot recommend it due to the way mods are currently being handled. I will update my review if this issue is solved.]Selling mods as DLC is wrong.]Paying for mods? Are you serious?]Remove paid mods.]You know why I'm not recommending this game. SHAME ON YOU GabeN!]actual game b4 paid mods: 10/10 game after mods paywall: 0.1/10 at least i can redownload cold and wet off skyrim nexus EDIT: creator removed it from nexus, torrent it is]I'll review it after I pay for these 2 mod]A game where the populace has been enslaved to work for their masters. Where for every gold coin earned the evil lords at Valve and Bethseda take 75%. Let the north be free!]I feel that given the new nature of the paid mods, Skyrim's review should be wholly based on the vanilla version. Bland, colorless game with very little creativity. The combat is stale and boring, the quests laughably repetitive. Only positive is the fantastic score which makes otherwise boring gameplay tolerable however it does not take away from the incomplete glitch filled mess that it is.]With the introduction of paid mods i cannot give this game a reccomend.]Mods were what made this game. Now those times have come and gone. This game is sadly joining the countless others in my library that will not be played again.]Valve + Beth makin us pay to fix this consolized + poorly designed game.]Boooo! Mods should be free!]A good game that doesn't need a pay wall.]"We think there is a fundamental misconception about piracy. Piracy is almost always a service problem and not a pricing problem" -Gabe Newell Already had this game on ps3; bought it on steam to play with mods and now its useless. Will be taking my business (data as Gabe called it in an AMA) elsewhere from now on.]Paid mods implemented very badly.]Paid mods are not OK.]played the original game. buggy and often crashed. then came the mods..made it rainbow-spewingly starstruck awesome. now the game developer wants a cut when people like me only bought the game after viewing all those awesome mods and killing the overall warm fuzzy feeling of community that is friendly and changing it to hostile. great job Beth.. you should also remember it is the community such as nexus and modders such as Fore that makes FNIS made sure to never help pirated gamers when the mods are not working and help to promote against piracy by telling them to buy the game]The shortsighted greed of Valve and Bethesda with their shady implemenation of paid modding has tarnished the Elder Scrolls franchise and the Steam platform irrevocably. Bethesda have benefited for over a decade from modders who fix, improve, and add value to their games. This event is an arrogant slap in the face to the dedicated, loyal CUSTOMERS whose money has given these companies the reputation they've earned so far, but apparently that doesn't mean much anymore. We're going to remember this when Fallout 4 comes around. Or if Valve ever uses the piles of money they skim from Steam to create the game we've been begging years for and hung out to dry...]Paid mods are ed up yo.]Skyrim gets a "no" until a return to reasonable modding practices is made.]Attempting to destroy the modding community one game at a time. Can't be bothered to finish their game, so they make other people pay to do it.]R.I.P Skyrim mods, having to pay for stuff that was made for free]Truly uninspired and terrible combat. The most poorly implemented combat in any fantasy game. The most notable failure is spell casting. Uninteresting and very generic spell selection. The only good quests are the artifact quests. The main story-line quest is unimaginative. Mods were the only reason to play this game and now they are paid-DLC. This game is trash.]The game itself is one of the best RPGs i have ever played. I love it on console and when i got it on pc the whole modding world oppended up and up to recent days i throughly enjoyed it. However, This is again one of the bad things steam has to done to ruin this once amazing game. Paid mods are not a step forward and i know that the modders in skyrim liked doing it for free but once again Steam ED IT UP!]Why not make a donation page for modders Valve.]Paid Mods are antithetical to the user experience]Paid Mods=DONT BUY]To keep it short and simple, Skyrim was never a great game. It was certainely engaging and it ate a lot of my time, but it has not aged well. Mods are what kept this game alive, I'm not inclined to pay for something that has traditionally been free, and I will never pay for a mod when 75% of the money goes to the distributor and lazy dev AFTER THE MOD HAS MADE 400 DOLLARS THAT MONTH. Don't buy this game, pirate it if you really must experience a buggy button mashing piece of garbage that the fans had to finish.]Paid mods, no thanks.]Mods should be done out of love. Look at how many mods there are on the Nexus and other sites like that. That's all people putting their time and effort into things they love. Not for profit, at most they should get revenue from ads displayed on their page, like Youtube. Kids, don't support paid modding.]I won't be buying another bestheda game from here on out.]Screw the payed mods. Lord GabeN, why?]I love this game so 10/10 but just f&#@ mods now ther just a rilly s@$# dlc go to nexus for GODS sake get this game dont pay for the mods.]Third party DLC. Do not support this practice.]Way to go steam..... Way to change PC gaming for everyone... then try to ruin it buy doing this. Everyone do not buy this game, do not buy modded content. Setup a Donation Wall if anything but this is plain stupid. You say you can't police all of steam looks like you have to now. $10 for a golden apple??? LOL Please. -10 for steam.]Get your wallet ready if you want to play with any mods. Thanks Valve.]skyrim is a four year old game that has stayed alive for one reason, its community. i am ashamed to say that i cant give this otherwise amazing game a negitive review, because of volvos complete disrespect for the elder scrolls community with the practice of payed mods #freetheworkshop Show your displeasure in Valve's recent descision to make paid workshop mods, join the group http://steamcommunity.com/groups/FreeTheWorkshop stEAm vAlvE gaben is becomeing Electronic Arts]Not recommended . Avarice has nothing to do with the spirit of this game.]This may very well kill what made the elder scrolls stand out on the PC. Modders have worked in the past on the basis of collaboration to make great things. That won't be possible here. On top of that bethesda and steam think they are owed a 75% cut for what may include none of their original assets. Think again.]GJ Valve. Im sure Nexus will appreciate the extra traffic you are sending their way.]Discount the game and then add cost to the mods to make up for it. Terrible idea. Ruins the community. Unless you want to pay for mods in addition to dlc, skyrim isn't worth it. Valve and Bethesda have ruined this game.]This game is supporting a paid workshop, and is worthless to me now. 6 of my nexus mods have been uploaded onto the Paid Steam Workshop, and I haven't uploaded any of those to it... And haven't given my permission. This is a extremely ed up thing, user created piracy.  you Valve]Paid mods, really? Way to close off an otherwise great game.]Valve has just set a very dangerous precedent.]Paying for mods ruined the game.]Valve & Bethesda are taking 75% of the profits from mods????? Wtf, man. Bloody hell Apple takes only a 30% cut from apps. In comparison, Valve takes about the same from game sales: 30%. So why, when mods, created by fans and freelance artists (some are pros), who put their freetime into enhancing Skyrim does Valve/Bethesda get well over most of the money? Now Skyrim will be tainted with thousands of unproportionally fair microtransactions. 75%??? WHAT???]This new "pay for mods" thing is awfull. I've been a huge Bethesda fan since Morrowind and up until recently I've been buying all my games here on Steam. They've crossed the line here and I will not be buying another game on steam nor another Bethesda game until they come to their senses.]The game use to be great, only because it was supported by the online MOD comminity that I have loved being part of. Now some of my favorite mods are even being taken off NEXUS only to be seen on STEAM as PAID content. seriously  U STEAM WORKSHOP. I DO NO SUPPORT PAID MODS]The greed of Bethasda and Valve has killed my love for this game. The once amazing experience has been forever tainted by the new ground that has been broken by charging for mods. This game will now forever be looked at as the one that really ed the pooch. I can only hope that this can of worms will be closed soon.]I'm on the bandwagon]Two reasons: - The worst first impression ever... First time I launched it I already had no sound; - Lord Gaben has decided to charge money from mods and started with this game. Whoever supports this idea, be aware that great majority of people hate it. For the well-being of everyone and good future of games, DO NOT buy these mods!]Remeber when Skyrim mods were free? Pepperidge farm remembers.]Gaben please.]Added paid mods. \_()_/ Its a pretty mediocre game that was made awesome by mods. Now its a pretty mediocre game that the developers of think its awesome and thought they could sell mods made by the community. I'd rather buy it off of GOG.com or P*rate it. And then get awesome mods at the skyrim nexus.]You have to pay for mods now. What the ?]Paid mods. Avoid at all cost. Shame, it is an awesome game.]Paid mods are a horrible idea.]The implementation of MODS for an exchange of currency has stripped this game of its once vigorously pleasant Gameplay how uncouth.]Valve's at it again. The paid workshop is just another pay wall. Go ahead and get this game, it's really good. It's moddable, but go to Skyrim Nexus for your needs for that. NOT THE PAID WORKSHOP VALVE SET UP.]Go  yourself Valve and Bethesda]Probably the best game in TES franchise, its a shame they sell the mods that used to be free. Mods are what makes the game on PC so much more better.]The game itself is good, but I felt the need to come here and specifically not recommend it because of Valve and Bethesda's cash grab on mods created for the game. Even with the option to publish paid mods, it's ridiculiuous that Valve and Bethesda think they are entitled to 75% of any money gained from it...]Used to love this game for the freedom modding allowed me to customize it with, but now that mods are no longer free, I am hesitant to continue. Paying money for extra content that may not be polished, debugged, or compatible with other mods means that each mod I purchase is now a risk for me. Unfortunately, it would seem it is time for me to move on to other games...]This just in: Money whoring has reached an all-time high, as valve start to sell MODS.]As you can see i put a lot of hours into this game, more than you can see, since ive played it a lot offline. The game is good, but the new pay-for-mods mentalitiy Valve tries to shove into our faces is a farce. And im not gonna support it. Sorry modders, i really think you shoud get paid for your work, but i dont supoort Valve taking 75% of the modders money for 0% of the work.]me think they mod no do good stuff no i can no support company who let peple copy mod and then sell mod and then let them continue mod sell, bad bad people, bad]Paid Mods? Yeah...noooo....thanks..]False god Gaben has made us pay for mods. Down with the false god.]I do not like the system that is in place for how mods are currently (4/24/15) being sold.]Awesome game on its own but has been kept alive by mods. Now Valve want to charge for mods and that I dont approve of. Give the modders a donate button and then dont take 75% of the donation you greedy s...]Valve and Bethesda have started allowing mod creators to charge for their mods today. Today marks a day when developers can successfully stop creating games and instead get money for other people building games for them. We are locked outside an infinite paywall of DLC and paid mods.]While I had fun with this game, there is one MASSIVE problem with it. Steam. Steam has extensive DRM and DLC and now forces paid mods. This is the last straw, I will no longer use steam.]Mods have kept all Elder Scrolls Games alive for decades - until now. Thank you for killing a perfect game series by kicking their greatest supporters in their asses.]] Bob is building an army to fight the war against Paid Mods.  ...\/ Copy and paste him all over the work shop so he Il]. Defeat the paid mods!]I used to love this game, I really enjoyed it. Sure I may not have been as fond of it as I was previous titles in the series, but with enough mods even Skyrim could be made fun, but now? After the hundreds of hours of work I put into the game to get it running successfully with 500+ mods, finding out which ones conflict, which ones require each other to work, repairing them, cleaning save files, toying with the .ini's, spending long enough learning TESEdit and the creation kit, crafting mods to suit my own tastes. Only to find out one day my game is preventing me from launching it because I'm now stuck at literally hundreds of dollars worth of paywalls? I will never play this game again, and that is truly a shame. Thanks Valve and Bethesda, truly you're supporting the modding scene by making modders never want to touch your game.]End of an Era. Press F to pay respects.]Such a pity.]pay for mods? ! Maybe It's comming to stop steam gamelife]I thought that mods are made by community for community for free. Right Volvo? RIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT?]I'm not one to write reviews normally. However, in this case, I find that this is one of my few avenues to protest the addiiton of paid mods to skyrim, and indeed, to steam in general. Modding has been part of bethesda games since daggerfall, and officially supported for a long time now. The environment for modding has always been set up to prevent cashing in. this is important because it means that the only mods that are submitted are done by gamers to improve the game they love, and not by scammers and those looking to make a quick cash grab. This move can only toxify the modding environment, and destroy the community that has built itself around the open and free sharing of mods. I am disappointed in steam for offering this, and at bethesda for allowing it. As consumers, the only thing we can do is to vote with our pocket books, and through the messages we spread. Here's my message: The longer paid modding is supported by steam, the more I'll shift my gaming purchases to other sites. I've got a decent library of steam games. I'd like to see it continuing to grow, but I won't support what amounts to paying extra money for basic bug fixes that should have been implemented before the game shipped in the first place. I encourage everyone else to do the same.]The game is fantastic, and 100% better being able to download mods and use them to spice up the game from the weird to the wonderful, and I am happy to donate to the modders who are making fantastic mods instead of the goofy but fun ones. But now they aren't free, they are paid for thanks to Valve/Bethesda/Fat cats. So I cannot recommend this game to anyone now. https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop/u/10624086 Sign this petition to stop this becoming the norm!]Sorry guys. The game is great until you realize what has been extending it's life is the modding community and valve just ruined that to make a quick buck. Without a free modding community I can't reccomened the game.]Paid mods suck.]I pretty much just bought this game for user-made content. Thanks to Valve and Bethesda, this will all soon disappear. I never thought that Valve and Bethesda would be the two companies to spearhead such an idiotic paywall and interfere with the amazing PC modding community.]Don't charge people for mods]Free mods are a fundamental aspect of the PC gaming universe. Don't support bethesda's stance on nickel and diming from it years after the game was out of active support.]| BOB IS BUILDING AN ARMY AGAINST PAID  MODS. COPY AND PASTE HIM ALL OVER THE  WORKSHOP!]PAID MODS?!?!?! I don't want to live on this planet any more...]BAD Marketing!!!. I am disappointment in your action.]The vanilla game is garbage only fixed by the mods. Just seems that with the mod payment system, valve isn't interested in modders working together anymore, so really can't recommend this game.]Bad until paid mods removed!]I used to be a good game until I took a paywall to the knee Whats next DRM for mods? Hasnt DRM done enough damage to gamers...]Valve desires MOAR MONEY! GIVE ALL YOUR MONEY TO VALVE! But, seriosly? Payed mods? Hell, there will be no more free mods, because every schoolboy now will mod some one god damn texture and place price over 9000 $. Valve, I'M DISSAPOINT.]great game except the paid dlc wall...]Paid mods, no thanks.]Mods are now DLC because of this game and Steam/Bethesda]Great game, fantastic mods, HD support, customizable to your heart's content... Buuut it's now the breeding ground for corporate ery, so, no thanks.]I played just for some time, bought it on winter sale - for me game is too empty, still its not a bad game, however... -> !!Not playable without mods!! - and now bethesda wants to make money from modders. Dont support them.]Everything was alright until they announced paid mods...]Its a sad day when parents disown their own child. A modding community of 5 years thrown and tossed out into the cold. Pleas and cries of help ignored :(]"Skyrim Workshop Now Supports Paid Mods Weve had a long and excellent relationship with our good friends at Valve. We worked together to make the Workshop a huge part of Skyrim, and were excited that something weve been working together on for a long time is finally happening. You can now charge for the mods you create. Unlike other curated games on Steam that allow users to sell their creations, this will be the first game with an open market. It will not be curated by us or Valve. It was essential to us that our fans decide what they want to create, what they want to download, and what they want to charge" Need I say more?]Fantastic game ruined by Valve's short sightedness and greedy ways. Bethesda, Valve, shame on you. Profiting off of what was born out of people's love for the game. If you actually wanted to support these programmers, hire them. Don't monetize off their work by putting free mods behind a paywall. This game is kept alive by the modding community. Without them, you are nothing.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve.]Skyrim without mods is an OK open world RPG that often feels shallow. Skyrim with the full force of the massive modding community behind it is a masterpiece. With the paid mods system fracturing the modding community and opening it up to fraudulent exploitation by greedy s I cannot in good conscience recommend this game any longer.]10/10 would buy every mod.]suka blyat mods should be free!]I cannot endorse this game. Paid mods. EDIT: Holy  people actually read reviews, huh, Well regardless Mod paywall reddit reddit gabe newl John Madden John Madden Football ect. I also fixed spelling errors. EDIT 2: I'm going to play this game, and now that mods are free I'm going to mod this game, but I'm never going to forget what happened. Vote with your wallets people.]I will mod this review to give a positive rating for $50.]It is with a sad heart I must say I cannot recommend buying a bethesda game anymore, they have left behind their care of the consumer and joined the ranks of the worst companies in gaming.]because they dun did paid mods]This game has the potential to be an amazing game, but... the inventory looks like something they threw together at the last minute, and if you are using a bow, the kill-cam is a gamebreaker, and there are (to my knowledge) no official way to disable the kill-cam. It is possible to fix the game using mods, but without these mods, the game is unplayable. As a longtime fan of The Elder Scrolls, it breaks my heart that I cant recommend this game :-(]Why sell mods?]90% of quests are fetch quests, game breaking issues, ugly graphics, a HORRIBLE engine and it goes on... EDIT: Valve has removed the paid mod feature, I still do not recommend this game. However with the use of mods you can take it from mediocore to masterpeice. I don't think a game should rely on it's modding community to make it playable so I am giving a thumbs down.]Edit: The text below you can disregard, but be weary it sounds like valve is going to try and add paid mods again in the future. Well, if they didn't add paid mods I could suggest this game since modding adds countless hours of game-play and has kept this game alive and feeling new. I felt I could support mods that added more to the game, but most of them are out of proportion with the cost to game-play. We are not even guaranteed that mods we pay for will work, and without having a guarantee buying mods becomes a gamble for the future of the game. Lets set up a scenario, say you paid $5 for a mod. Then you get a new mod that breaks the last one. Now you have to choose between them, or as valve wants you to do ask the mod developer to fix it. Sure you have 24 hours to fix it but what if you bought the second mod and had some issues and the return time ended? Then you are stuck with a broken mod or two. I could maybe see this being worth it if all the mods were top notch quality, and supported till the day the mod creator dies, but that wont happen and compatibility issues are sure to arise. I cannot see the longevity of the mods lasting since their sales could go down and the developer doesn't want to support it since it is not bringing in a profit. A lot of the top notch mods add a bunch of time to the game-play but there is no way you can sell it if 25+ people worked on it. Splitting the profits would be a pain, and with the mod developers only getting 25% of the profit, it doesn't seem feasible. Then there is the base mods that a lot of the mods are developed off of. What would happen if one of those was to be sold on the community market? You would have to buy the mod and that adds to the base cost of the game. I do not want to pay for a mod that is required to run other mods, because it just adds to the cost of modding. I cannot see this helping the longevity of Skyrim, and its successors. Mod developers would have it better off with a donation system instead of valve and Bethesda taking 75% of their profits. 25% probably doesnt help the mod developer too much anyways, and its a bad incentive for large developer groups.]skyrim, guyrim, don't give it a tryrim until valve and besthesda overturn their decision to charge for mods edit: we won]I paid 3 to write this review], mods should be free like they always have been.]4 years ago, Bethesda released a game: Skyrim. It was pretty good, won some awards, but got old pretty fast, especially since once the hype wore off anyone could see it was chock full of bugs. But there was no need to worry, as the PC gaming community had been making mods for games since as long as anyone could remember. These mods increased the quality and replayability of Skyrim, which drew some people to buy Skyrim solely for the mods, creating a win-win for the consumers and producers. Everything was peachy, consumers would pay Bethesda for the half-finished game they made and then download a few files (that anyone can make) to add lightsabers or horse genitals or what have you to their game. Fast forward 4 years. Despite a few nice (and pricey) DLC's made by good ol' Bethesda, the base game itself was still quite broken, and mods were still basically necessary to get a satisfactory gaming experience. So what do the geniuses at Bethesda do? Tired of actually working on things to sell, they had the great idea to sell things that other people made. I mean, from a business perspective, it makes total sense. Why should a restaurant owner worry about offering good food (or improving items already on his menu) if he could just charge people to sit down and eat sandwiches they brought with them? Sure, thats not a perfect analogy, but it helps get the point across of how ridiculous this is. I still remember the outrage surrounding the Horse Armor DLC for Oblivion when it came out. There were plenty of arguments about the future of gaming, but few could have predicted a day when community-made mods would be hidden behind a paywall, with cuts of modders work going to our good buddies Bethesda and Valve (praise gaben, right? PC master race, right??). With the recent absurdities of day-1 DLC, pre-order bonuses, always online DRM, social media integration, early-access games, and now PAID MODS, I cant help but fear for the future of PC gaming. Were already seeing early-access mods, with the price increasing as work supposedly progresses (but youre still expected to pay for an unfinished product in the meantime). Whats next? Paid subscriptions for mods? Will companies continue to churn out half-baked games, knowing that not only will they be able to charge more via pre-order bonuses, limited editions, season passes, but ALSO charge for the work of other people? No, this review is NOT about being poor, or greedy, or not wanting to support modders. Believe it or not, people were free to support whatever modders they wanted with however much money they wanted, and this system worked just fine. In fact, Id be curious to know how many supporters of this new paid mod system actually donated to modders before it was mandatory. What its about is the destruction of one of the last bastions of traditional PC gaming, that is the free modding community, largely at the hands of this games creators. I do not recommend buying this game if you havent before paid mods were introduced because if you do, youre giving your vote of approval to what Bethesda and Valve are doing. ...But who am I kidding? Just as the Horse Armor outrage died out and useless cosmetic DLCs are now regarded as the norm, I bet a year or two from now people will marvel at the fact that there was a time when mods were free. I just hope this review isnt censored by the saviors of PC gaming, like so many other criticisms of this have been.]I spent a LOT of time on this game when it came out. Now however, I have to change how I feel about this game because of a terrible descision made by Bethesda and Valve. As an artist I can't stand by and watch someone be extorted for their creative efforts. Valve and Bethesda are attempting to monetize the modding community, and this is NOT okay.]Just say no to paid mods.  bethesda]Great game but it will probably cheaper to buy the game on a sale then to buy the paid mods i want for it. What's the next step in content monetization, pay to read the manual? This is the first step of the slippery slope. Game 9/10 DLC 8/10 Paid Mods 0/10]GETFREE!!   The Steam Community is about sharing your work. Have good ideas and help to improve each other. That makes us diffrent of the gaming companies. >>>> Post this every each paid mod you see in steam <<<< Because we don't wan't to let end up steam in a greedy for money- gaming platform. ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......__............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]free mods belong to the nords!]Another great game ruined by people trying to make a quick buck.]valve and bethesda all you fxxking blood suckers OK, so here are real vampires The vampires sucking blood from moders and user are holy motherfxxking Valve N bethesda !!]To download "Good Review Mod" please pay- $6.99]THEY FIXED IT BUT IT'S ALREADY TOO LATE]Would happily recomend this game normally, but unfortunately can't after Valve and Bethesda's new modding policies, and reactions to criticisms of said policies.]This used to be a good game but then it took an arrow to the knee. Mods that once were free are now paid? I'll pass.]Paid mod practice by valve already caused servere legal issues. besides of exessively demanding 75% of the revenew demandet for mods by valve, ruining the modding scene with many moders saying "they would rather give mods for free than having valve have 75% of the rev" also false clames on mods and stealing mod's from others in order to get paid causes nothing but a repulsive inviroment in which consumer and developer loose but also those who create additional content.]This game was great thanks to its modding community, which fixed bugs the developer was unwilling to fix, added severalorders of magnitude more content and functionality than the developer ever bothered to, and of much higher quality. Bethesda / Zenimax and Valve have stuck a death blow to that community with the extremely greedy and ill-conceived addition of paid modding (which has divided the modding community, forced most of the modders to remove their creations for fear of them being stolen, hidden some of the essential mods behind a paywall, and generally dissuading anyone with any sense from modding or using a mod as long as this foolishness persists). This is no longer a game I can support. :( Bethesda, Zenimax and Valve are no longer companies I can support. If you care about games, and about gamers, do not support them, and even less give them money.]Played it coming from Fallout: New Vegas. The story was uninteresting cliche fantasy story. Sidequests, which seem to be the meat of the game, weren't much better. Whenever I talk to others about this game they say Mods, Mods, Mods, which to me says "If a game needs to be modded to be enjoyable then its not a very fun game. Oh and since mods now are for pay I see little reason for someone who doesn't have to get it.]What on earth are you doing here valve]Corporate greed has torn apart what was a seamless and thriving community that worked together to improve and enhance this game. With the introduction of paid mods, the modding community has transformed into a DLC market. Modder and user has now become seller and buyer respectively and as such, the relationship between the two will change. It won't be users providing constructive feedback or fellow modders working together to enhance and integrate each others mods, it will be buyers dishing out scorn and criticism while expecting a high standard to meet the price. It will be modders competing for more money which will inevitably result in less cooperation and integration of multiple mods. And what was it all for? 25%. It remains to be seen how many modders actually lack the self respect to dignify their own work with blatant robbery.]withs steams new. syetem of putting mods behind a paywall i can not recomend this game anymore. what made this game great is now gone its great community behind FREE modding...]Paid mods are a terrible idea (plenty of others have described why, I'm not going to rehash it all). Count me in with the group who will not spend any more money on steam until they change this.]way to  it up valve]Pay for mods]skyrim has now become pay to mod! eff you bethesda!]Good game overall but if u want mods then u got to pay a price now. SO now I refuse to even play skyrim, when mods become free i will play. mods that need you to pay are going to be the downfall of this game.. when all this fixes up and is all good i will join skyrim again, for now i refuse to even start the game.]Skyrim is a reasonably good RPG engine, with a significant backdrop of lore and setting. Unfortunately, it is by itself not up to par with modern games. Its graphics, reliability and depth are considerably lacking. To counteract these tendencies, Skyrim used to support a powerful modding systems. Mods like the Unofficial Patches and graphics mods could significantly improve the experience and transform Skyrim in the game it could have been. It thus came as a sad news that Valve and Bethesda have decided to launch paid mods for Skyrim. Major mods that used to be free are now paid or announced to become paid in a short while. This immensely changes the value proposition of Skyrim: instead of purchasing a decent RPG engine with a great modding community, you are now buying access to an RPG engine and an expensive mod repertoire that will run you a pretty penny if you want to mod Skyrim into being a game fit for 2015. Buying Skyrim even at full price at launch was a somewhat reasonable perspective, because you could count on a modding community that would turn the game into a worthy title and continue to expand on it greatly. Buying Skyrim now, or any future TES game that supports this paid mod system, is completely unreasonable: you would have to pay *several* times the cost of the game to get enough mods for a decent experience. And that's unacceptable, and not something I would spend my money on.]lol paid mods what a joke i would've gave this game a 9/10 for the excellent gameplay, graphics, story etc... but paid mods? oh you've taken it too far 1/10]Enjoyed playing this game but charging for mos is a massive, massive no in my books, especially when the assets are taken from other modders and sold on as OC and when they are created using resources made by other people as free tools for the community.]id like to see modders get support but the the way the have handled this is awful.]Pay for mods?! It is becoming free DLCs for the company.]It's official. The golden age of the Steam Workshop has come to an end. With the addition of mods that require you to pay real money to access them, there is absolutely no reason besides the Skyrim Nexus to make you want to legitimately buy a copy of the game instead of pirating it. The number one reason people paid for this game was the amazing modding community it has that's been active since its launch in 2011. If you want to mod you Skyrim, go to the Skyrim Nexus. There's just as many, if not more mods on it and it's completely free. "Mod Authors" are already releasing fake mods that do nothing to edit your game but cost money. All in all it's a scam to Steam users and to real mod authors. God help us if they do the same thing to any other workshops.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]Here we have one example for improving a game's modding community.]Game only becomes good once you patch the hell out of it with community mods. Otherwise it's a buggy, ugly disaster made on a 12 year old engine. Now the mods seem to be going behind a paywall I would not recommend this to anyone.]The base game itself is absolutely terrific. Unfortunately, the one thing that makes this game superior to its console counterparts - the ability to mod - can now be charged for by modders because Valve wants more money and is justifying it as a measure to 'strengthen the community"... a community that needs so much strengthening. Damn, Gabe, damn.]paying for mods is just]I do not support paid mods. Without mods this game is no where near as good as it can be.]Would be good besides the paywall. 2/10]An apple for $30.00! SURE~ Here it is the money!$36.00 for Valve and Bethesda,and 4.00 for creator~WOW,too great~ IGN: MORE MODS FOR MONEY!!!!!!/10 Valve,please remove the paid workshop mods for Skyrim!!!]Good game, but this paid mod stuff is silly and I can't stand by it.]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]Regarding the modding directive: "PC Gaming is dying! What should we do!?" "Oh, I know! Let's  up and milk every user for what PC gaming was the best for."]Wanted to write a review once I am finally done with the game. Now Im doing it to voice my utter digust against Valves Paid-Mod idea (If I actually wanna pay for great user-generated content, I want the Delevoper of that content to actually get said amount, not just a meager 25% cut)]If only the people from Bethesda weren't a bunch of moneygrabbing s.]Valve has managed to be worse than EA and Ubisoft with paid mods.]I can't recommend this game anymore due to Valve and Bethesda's idea that it was a good idea to destroy the modding community and further the destruction of video games as a whole. Skyrim is not a finished game without many mods, and they are now taking 75% of all mods sold for their greed including deciding what the price is for the mods and how much the modders get - see https://archive.is/HdFXi. They want to steal the work of the community. People are stealing the works of others. Big modding teams will now argue over who gets what. Etc. Furthermore, this is a dangerous path. This could set up the route to mods no longer being the sole works of the creators, but the work of the game devs as "contributions". This could lead to tons of legal insanity with mods including work of other games, such as popular armor mods or even among modders if Bethesda doesn't come out and say "no, it's our game so the mods are ours". Or even paid licenses to mod. Then other companies will follow suit, and bottleneck out sites such as Nexus and drive down user traffic. It is no longer a labor of love or to finish games that should've been finished on launch (such as Skyrim's terrible UI). Game Devs now want you to pay them to do what they should've done. People who say it's optional don't realize that there is no reason to not charge for mods if this practice becomes a mainstay. It'd be the state that early access is now. And what's even more unfathomable that mods have a 24 hour return policy when Valve won't allow this for regular games that should've had it, such as plenty of Ubisoft's abortions. People who agree with this practice are nothing short of delusional. There are way too many terrible outcomes to come out of this instead of good ones. You want to have an option for donations? Sure, I have donated before. This is something completely else entirely. Those saying non-modders don't have a right to complain. Well, they're customers now. I guess you didn't think about that. I guess you didn't think about the hell customers can bring. This is the end of video games. There is no love left in my heart. There are no heroes left in man. Crash this plane with no survivors. You were the chosen one, Gaben.]thanks for letting me buy mods :^)]I would recommend this amazing AAA title, but now that valve wants to use the purchasing mods practice, there's no real reason to buy this on pc unless it's on sale.If you were hoping to use the workshop for this game after purchase, don't even think about it, your wallet will soon be filled with tumbleweeds instead of hard earned money.I wish I could say more because this is one of my favorite games, but this practice is simply unacceptable.Luckily I already got all my mods from the nexus :P]I will give this game a thumbs up when they take off paid-mods for no i will give it a thumbs down]Sadly Valve and bethesda decided to become a bunch of greedy f***s and ruin the Mod community - thank you very much!]The best thing about this game was the endless replayability that came as a result of the modding community. That is now gone, unless you're willing to pay even more for everything from cosmetic swords to patches that fix the many mnay bugs Bethesda games shop with (which go for years unfixed, except by modders who take it upon themselves to do it). Now, Bethesda and Valve have teamed up to ruin this once-vibrant community. I cannot in good conscience recommend a game by a company that so cynically takes advantage of its fans the way Bethesda has agreed to do. Moreover, beware buying any game on Steam that is improved (or made more playable) by mods; you may find it ended literally overnight.]This game was made a whole lot better due to the vast array of different mods and a creative and sharing modding community. Corporate greed has ruined that and i cannot endorse it. R.I.P]Well screw this noise. GG valve.]Sorry but you need to buy this mod to read the review. Being serious, all the paid mods on the workshop are an absolute joke. Buy when on special, otherwise don't.]I like this game. But I don't like paying for add-ons. Thanks, Gabe.]Great game but for some crazy reason Steam has decided to introduce paid mods. The key issue with paid mods: 1 - Mods can have compatability issues with other mods and good luck knowing that before buying the mod 2 - The refund period is only for 24 hours. So if the game is updated and breaks the mods you have bought. Well tough luck! 3 - We have to ask nicely to get any issues solved. The consumer is completely screwed over in this arrangement. Apart from the recent issues this game is great.]Paid mods need to be boycotted.]I will never buy mods.]No Paying For Mods]Not recommended because Valve decided charging for mods was a good idea, the game itself is really good, I just don't agree on any level with charging for something that should be free extra content.]Paid mods have ruined this game. First time ever I'll be looking for other means to buy games.]Paid mods will destroy the modding community, change it now!]Skyrim is an alright game, the world is huge and you can play the game for a very long time, although it falls flat due to lack of depth and poor gameplay, since release people have been modding the game to fix a lot of it's issues but you already know where this is going. If you want to play an Elder Scrolls game I would recommend getting Morrowind or Oblivion instead, both are a lot better than Skyrim, I even suggest trying out Fallout 3 / New Vegas instead as those games are excellent and my favorite Bethesda games to date.]BEST GAME EVE... What do you mean "Payed Mods"? .... WORST GAME EVER! Did you really think we would be okay with this? We are sick of DLC, this is worse!]54.5 hours on record and I'm saying "Don't get this." Why? I'll tell you why. It's a mess that gets boring after the first ten levels or ten hours, whatever comes first. Lies after lies during the development stage, copy pasted dungeons and endless repeating enemies. I've personally experienced many problems such as buggy AI, glitching UI and of course, rare items simply dropping through the map. There's a joke when it comes to Bethesda games that it takes the modders to fix everything. Recently it seems that Bethesda took this even more literally than it should've been taken as. Paid mods? Really? Possibly the worst kick in the teeth is the fact that the modder, who has put in any degree of effort to make this mod (I'm not saying every mod is a hand crafted masterpiece) only gets 25%. The rest is divided up and given to Valve for hosting (30% hosting is rather stupid.) and to Bethesda for making the game (45%) Mods will make this game somewhat fun, but hurry while you can still afford the game and some nice mods to go along with it.]I used to love Skyrim. There was a day when I could frolick through the snowy fields around Windhelm wielding a 2-handed Dawnbreaker and shooting rainbows from my eyes. I have owned this game on ps3 in the past, but one i turned over to the master race the very first game I bought was Skyrim, due to its vast modding potential. That potential has been torn asunder by the lack of foresight and the sheer greed shown by both Bethesda and Valve. I am shocked, nay - I am dismayed by Valve's move to attempt to monetise on the modding community. Mods have always been the main benefit to PC, which put it head and shoulders ahead of consoles. Until such a day that this is fixed, Valve and Bethesda will not be getting any of my money and I will actively push potential customers away from it.]game itself is bleh its the mods that made it extremely fun and amazing, oh yea btw you have to pay for those mods now cause bethesda and valve have lost their friggin minds. i do not support a paywall. ADD A DONATE BUTTON FOR S SAKE]>be valve >have many monies >need more monies >hat designers have run out >forgottofeedem.avi >howdowemakemoney.exe >paid mods >everyone goes crazy >tfw valve reveal the plot twist >tfw valve is bad guy >tfw valve is EA >fehk paid mods >fehk valve]Not Too long ago, I would consider this a game that almost every p.c gamer needed to play. Even if they didn't enjoy the base experience, the fact the the modding community was so large that you could turn skyrim into another experience where the base game ment null. Skyrim has become more of a platform the relies on the modding community rather then a stand-alone game. However, as we know, steam now want 75% of the money that mod users. It's not economically viable to make mods as anything other then a side hobby, and who knows how many of these mods are stolen from places like the Mod Nexus, ect. For example, I have around 80 mods from the nexus and HAD around 20 from the workshop. Buying the skyrim base game, + the expansions + (even if we assume a single mod is a 1/1.50$) I'd expect to pay 120 (180$). Who in their right mind thinks that even skyrim and all its mods are worth that?! Worst bit is, most of my mods are graphic improvements or immersion mods, and as we see with "wet and cold" charging (3.35/5$), I believe if all my graphical and immersion mods were of the same price, the average would be well above 1 ($1.50). This game, any game, is not worth that much money for the full experience. I simply cannot reccomend this game for a such a stupid amount of money, regardless of how many times you put it up for sale steam....]This game is good, what it means is not. yesterday Valve allowed paid mods for this game, the start of somthing bigger, Usercreated DLC without quality controll (we all know that valve got useless quality controll). this is a step worse then DLC's in general. for the future of Steam, revert this. this is the begining of the end otherwise. also, at the same time they allow people to play Skyrim for free for a few days, just to get some impresive statistics to show "people love it". this is sutch a duchbag thing to do. i defended you valve for over 10 ing years, i fought for you, you was considerd the king of pc gaming, and look at you now, richer? sure... but i lost all my respect for you. If you keep walking down this path, you will single handely add a new tag in piracy... "Pirated mods". don't that sound ing dirty if anything... Valve, do the right thing, stop this before it is to late...]This game was made great by mods and the modding community. Through those mods it remained relevant and purchased far longer than it otherwise would have. But Bethesda and Valve are now willing to destroy that community -and in Valve's case, potentially destroy the modding communities of countless other current and future games- in order to wring the last drops from the cash cow. If you're considering buying this game right now, you should keep your wallet closed until and unless Valve and Bethesda admit their mistake and put the paid workshop to sleep. Skyrim without mods is a mere shadow of the game you've heard people talk about, and in the near future it could cost many times the base purchase price to mod it properly.]Valve and Bethesta, nothing to say I thought you guys were better than this. Taking away mods and worse yet taking away 75% out of moders is downright criminal. I hope you guys regret it and fix it in the future since this is disgraceful and embarassing.]Paid Mods. No.]Nearly 800 hours of gametime mostly in thanks to the amazing community behind Elder Scrolls modding, and now we have a pay system to both splinter it and ruin all their collaborative efforts along with dis-incentivizing anyone wanting to make sharable assets! Good job, Valve.]With Jews You Lose.]Paid mods making console gaming look fairer since 2015.]paying for mods. no thanks.]Paid Mods to witch 75% goes back to valve Donate on nexus not a bad game but the workshop is B.S Its Absolute B.S Ill donate to the mod Author Directly Not through this Scam Create Backlash People Dont Let This BS Slide Respect the mod authors but dont respect valves]Was a good game when I could install whatever mod I wanted for free. Now your mod choice is limited by a paywall.]I have been playing and modding this game since 2011. It was great, but now Valvethesda have introduced paid mods. I already paid for the game AND the DLC, as if that wasnt enough. Theres also the issue that modders only receive 25% of the mod revenue. Ridiculous. 0/10 Instead of a paywall we should have an optional `donate` button where 100% of the money goes directly to the modder. Another reason for the negative review is that the game, by itself, is incomplete and full of bugs, and you have to fix those problems by installing a bunch of mods (like content mods, HD texture packages, equipment, creatures, companions, quests, gameplay fixes, bug fixes, etc.)]I'm an avid PC gamer, and I've spent a few thousand dollars on Steam. This however, is my first review, and prompted by the mod paywall recently instituted for Skyrim. This decision is something that none of us saw coming, and has really shaken the hell out of PC Gamers in general. When I first saw the port on Reddit, I thought to myself that it was a joke. Turns out, I was dreadfully wrong. This is a decision that not only surprised the hell out of me, but I never would have guessed Valve would have ever green-lighted. Especially Gabe. From everything I've read about him, it's counter-intuitive to his business model, and plans for the future of Steam and Valve in general. I believe the man is a maverick, aside from all that Lord & Savior . Granted, were all going to see Steam Boxes, and the Steam OS actually come to fruition later this year, and primarily in 2016. Perhaps you need a platform for DLC, and this is your way of testing it? I dont know, Im too goddam ignorant to the industry, and clearly out of touch with what Valve is planning. Im just a guy that likes to play games. Any games. I could give a damn the platform. I own six consoles, but over the last year Ive spent about 80% of my time gaming on PC. Once I saw a real effort to move things over to Linux I thought the best way to support Valves efforts was to buy more PC games, especially games with Linux ports. Im at the end of my rope, and I got here rather quickly. If I see this  in City Skylines, or anything else. Im out. Ill change my review when there is good reason to do so. Till then Im leaving this. My first review is a negative one, and for one of my most beloved games. I feel like Im having the, This will hurt me more than it does you conversation with my son before disciplining him. I hate this.]Great game right up until Valve and Bethesda introduced paid user-made DLC with no quality control.]I'm an avid PC gamer, and I've spent a few thousand dollars on Steam. This however, is my first review, and prompted by the mod paywall recently instituted for Skyrim. This decision is something that none of us saw coming, and has really shaken the hell out of PC Gamers in general. When I first saw the port on Reddit, I thought to myself that it was a joke. Turns out, I was dreadfully wrong. This is a decision that not only surprised the hell out of me, but I never would have guessed Valve would have ever green-lighted. Especially Gabe. From everything I've read about him, it's counter-intuitive to his business model, and plans for the future of Steam and Valve in general. I believe the man is a maverick, aside from all that Lord & Savior . Granted, were all going to see Steam Boxes, and the Steam OS actually come to fruition later this year, and primarily in 2016. Perhaps you need a platform for DLC, and this is your way of testing it? I dont know, Im too goddam ignorant to the industry, and clearly out of touch with what Valve is planning. Im just a guy that likes to play games. Any games. I could give a damn the platform. I own six consoles, but over the last year Ive spent about 80% of my time gaming on PC. Once I saw a real effort to move things over to Linux I thought the best way to support Valves efforts was to buy more PC games, especially games with Linux ports. Im at the end of my rope, and I got here rather quickly. If I see this  in City Skylines, or anything else. Im out. Ill change my review when there is good reason to do so. Till then Im leaving this. My first review is a negative one, and for one of my most beloved games. I feel like Im having the, This will hurt me more than it does you conversation with my son before disciplining him. I hate this.]Great game right up until Valve and Bethesda introduced paid user-made DLC with no quality control.]TLDR I'm scared of whats happening to the gaming industry. terrified (not in the good way) out of 10 I am really worried and scared for the gaming industry, time after times stupid decisions or clashes between the player base and the developers are happening. Video games make the most money out there, If I remember correctly call of duty was/is the most money making franchise ever(may be a year or two out of date on that data) it was that for a reason now look at it, where anything is successful corruption and moneitisation happens. The biggest problem is skyrim is a great game full of bugs and cut down features but a great game where you could see the developers but their heart and souls in, the small things where there not because they added that much to the game but because the developers wanted to make this world. Because of this bugs where everywhere and features where dropped and the mod community stepped up and made it amazing, if anyone should start paying for mods its bethesda to the people who made an realesed unofficial patches and skse for making the game what it is at its true potential. If valve and bethesda want to make profit from other peoples work hire them or contract them!]Valve+Beth having the balls to take a 75% cut of the profits from other people's work? Unacceptable.]Let's be real, I love this game, but 90% of my love is because of mods. I can't imagine myself playing Skyrim without mods. The fact Steam/Valve created such a shady business around paying mods is wrong on so many levels. Not only because they want us to pay for something that used to be free. But because of how they implemented it, didn't not secure stolen mods, did not take into account compatibility with other mods, updates, but on the other hand do take more than 70% of revenue and leave only 25% to the modder. But most importantly this is wrong because they destroyed a community of modders and gamers who used to all be happy together.]Charging money for mods? Not cool valve, not cool]good game, but  paid mods]Absolutely disgusting.]I have roughly 300 hours in this game. That number would be nowhere near as high without the continued support given to Skyrim by the modding community. I sincerely would not reccomend this game to someone without modding capability. There are serious bugs that have only been fixed by the users. To put it simply, the efforts by Valve and Bethesda to put modding behind a paywall make it such that you would have to pay far more than the release price of $60 to make it a game worth returning to. Thus I do not believe the product is worth the investment. And really, I don't think it's responsible to reward Bethesda after watching them do their best to strangle the goose that lays the golden eggs.]Paid mods(that arent subject to review, and arent even VERIFIED to be from the original creators) are going to ruin this game]I used to be a console gamer wanting to join the master race. The one reason was because of mods. I remember playing skyrim on xbox 360 wanting to have mods so much because the game was so boring withought any. When I finally got my pc skyrim was amazing now that I could download it I loved bethesda. But now that valve's and bethesda's greed has rised so much to make mods paid I am seeing the fall of PC gaming with vavle being the reason. Once a happy life on PC now trying to get a job at 16 wanting to leave the gaming world. Thanks to valves greed I may now not die at 30 from clogged arteries.]Try to censor the community? That should work well.]This game is a turning point. Despite it having been wonderful and fun when it was released it will forever be remembered as a horrible point in gaming history as the first mods were monetized for it. It'll be remembered as the thing that made Valve a hated company, for turning the modding community against itself, and aiding in the damaging of PCGaming as a whole. It's a pity.]3rd party microtransactions? No thanks.]I love this game, don't get me wrong, but it was crap on release, buggy and bad, mods made it so much more enjoyable. What do they do? Milk the modding community until the last cow has been sucked dry. Thanks for ruining one of my favorite games, and thanks for being  about it. If Ford sold you a car, and you want it painted, does Ford charge the garage to paint the car? No, ofcourse it doesn't, they're not Bathesda.]I recommend you go find yourself some mods elsewhere, as this paid mod fiasco is probably the worst thing valve could've possibly done for anyone. Skyrim is an excellent game, only buy it if you intend not to mod it though, unless you plan on shelling out hundreds of dollars for small additions to an already finely tuned game. This review isn't aimed at Bethesda, but rather scumbag valve.]Don't get this game. This game's main revenue and quality comes from its awesome modding community and mods in general. Now that you need to pay to get them, just forget it. The entire community has been screwed wholeheartedly. Steam is a corrupted business now and so is Bethesda. 75% of the revenues from the mods now go to Valve, for doing nothing, while the 25% left goes to the modders themselves. It's a complete screw-up and Valve should be ashamed of themselves. Say that the modder had made $150 profit. They would only recieve $37.50 while Valve would recieve $112.49 for absolutely nothing. It's absolutely scandoulous, Valve is screwing over the gaming community and the modding community simply for profit. To all those modders and gamers out there who are suffering from this, my thoughts are with you. Do not endorse this disgusting show of business, backstabbing and profit hoarding.]Definately recommend this game, but do not recommend paying for mods. Mods kept the game alive and now that you have to pay for them, very few people are going to want to. Paying for mods has ruined the game. Very bad decision on Bethesda's part. I used to love Bethesda, and I never thought I'd be giving them a thumbs down, but my disappointment level is off the charts! Bethesda and EA just became best friends.]Very buggy and unbalanced without mods. Would not recommend vanilla Skyrim. Just like I wouldn't recommend buying mods.]Stay away from this game.]http://i.imgur.com/IP2vedH.png this is what you sould have done valve :) i tought this is not EaGames/Origin :))))]Milking Simulator 2015. Do not buy or support paid mod system. It is beginning of the end.]Stop Valve turning community created mods into paid-DLC where the developer and Valve profit from other people's own hard work, taking more than 75% of the revenue for doing absolutely nothing. Mods should be kept free for so many reasons and it would be a travesty if Valve and Bethesda used their power to completely change the PC scene for their own financial gain. Shame on you Valve, and shame on you Bethesda.]I purchased this game with the intention of modding it. In my opinion, the recent descision to allow for paid mods has greatly reduced the amount and quality of free mods, and therefore takes away from the quality of the base game. I cannot recommend purchasing this game anymore and supporting these practices.]Paid for mods really? On what planet did even sound like a remotely good idea!?!?!]Seriously, wtf?]NO TO STEALING 75% for doing nothing]Refrence:DeltaSquad666 We drink to our youth, for the days come and gone. For the age of modding is just about done. We'll drive out the paid mods and restore what we own. With our blood and our steel we'll take back our free mods. Down with paid mods! The killer of Modding! On the day of modding's death we will drink and we'll riot. We're the supporters of Moodding, and we fight all our mods. And when modding is done, every one of us dies! But paid mods is not ours and we'll see it wiped clean. Of the scourge that has sullied our hopes and our dreams! Down with paid mods! The killer of modding! On the day of modding's death we will drink and we'll riot. We're the supporters of Moodding, and we fight all our mods. And when modding is done, every one of us dies! We drink to our youth, to the days come and gone. For the age of modding is just about done.]steam should be ashamed of themselves]hate train]Decent series, dumb  move by the developers trying to cash in on the modding community, not unexpected given TES Online scheme though]Have nothing against modders they made this game brilliant however when Valve/Bethesda start charging for them and taking 75% of the profits from themselves something is wrong. Add a donate button if you wish but make sure it goes to the author of the mod, not someone that has stolen it.]Played hundreds of hours on 360 and bought a steam copy on winte rsale so I could mod. I'm not paying for something with no real QC and no financial recompense.]I'm not going to support paid mods with the current implementation. Not now, not ever.]Now I need to find free cloud storage big enough to backup 20 gigabytes of mods because next time I'll want to mod Skyrim I may need to pay for them. Thanks Volvo.]Played hundreds of hours on 360 and bought a steam copy on winte rsale so I could mod. I'm not paying for something with no real QC and no financial recompense.]I'm not going to support paid mods with the current implementation. Not now, not ever.]Now I need to find free cloud storage big enough to backup 20 gigabytes of mods because next time I'll want to mod Skyrim I may need to pay for them. Thanks Volvo.]The mod situation is unfortunate. Good thing the Nexus still exists, but I wonder how long that'll be around. I know if I was a modder and had the opportunity to be paid, I would take it. Sad.]A good game without mods, however if you want to make it a great name you will need mods, mods that with the new changes will cost you more than the base game, and it is simply unacaptable that you will be forced to pay for community fixes to problems the devs should have fixed.]I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone in its release state. You have to get a bunch of MODS to make it work - that are also becoming paid-for mods. This is done in the name of 'supporting modders' - if that were the case, they would hire the modders and pay them a fair/real salary to do the work. Anyways - big - fat - NO to recommending this to anyone. Shallow game - terrible AI - littered with bugs.]Charging for Mod Content? No Thanks]paid mods. what a joke]I love the game, but making you pay for mods is just the worst.]This game is amazing. However why the hell do we have to pay for mods? Can't you just add an optional donation button. This is just an obvious cash grab. I would expect this from EA or Ubisoft but not valve. Shame on you.]Remember when Anakin betrayed the Jedi? That's how paid mods feel.]You really ed up Gabe you should have just left the ing mods on their own m8]paid mods are bad]Paid mods? No thanks.]Get rid of paid mods, bethesda. This is a  money-grab.]this new modding system]Game fine. Paid mods and Gabe's response absurd. % of money going to Bethesda from mods makes me mildly ill. Also, don't need horse genitalia.]Modding is like being friends with a person. You do things for them because you like them - you don't expect to get paid for it, but you won't say no if they buy you a sixpack of beer out of gratitude either. You're grateful, they're grateful, the friendship is amazing. But Valve wants to destroy that. They want to replace "sure I'll mow your lawn and you watch my dogs when I'm in Spain" with "I'll mow your lawn for 20$ so I can hire a dog sitter for my vacation (PS: The dogsitter's agency takes 15 of those 20 dollars)". What kind of friendship is that? None.]My house, which stored everything I have worked for, is now gone because of the pay for mods update. I hauled  in this game and even with only 35hours I had a very impressive cache, for myself. Now it's all gone. WTF. I didn't even realize this severe of a consequence was about to happen. I could have bought an in-game house and moved everything. This is really unbelievable </3]the paid DLC]Paid Mods = Thumbs Down]You dun goofed Valve + Bethesda.]I write this articel from the perspective of someone that bought this game to mod it. I own, and loved, the vanilla game on Xbox but felt I was missing so much due to not having access to modding. I have loved my experience so far with the modded game, but with the new changes to the Workshop towards paid mods, I no longer feel I can support this product. Great game, terrible treatment of the fan base.]DO NOT BUY, DEVELOPER EXTREMELY GREEDY. Unless you buy it only for the basegame which is kinda fine I guess... wait no DON'T BUY.]Game was fine, then Valve and Bethesda thought they could make a quick buck off modding. Congrats on destroying your modding community!]This game is terrible without mods. And, oh, wow, you have to pay for those now? Guess it gets to stay terrible.]Protest review. Never liked the game that much anyway, but they're setting an awful precedent.]So it begins, the great downfall of our time.]Charging for Mods? Nope.]Here at Valve and Bethesda, we'll screw you over AND charge you for it. Ain't that a bargain!]Free the mods!!]Good luck trying to get money out of me you Morons]I disagree with the decision to add paid mods, it ruins the spirit of the modding community and can only cause further problems from there on.]This Game was great until the introduction of paid mods. Now its bad.]Because paid mods.]Paid mods ruined a once great community]So the company that created the first dlc decided figured that the vibrant modding community which kept their games living ought to pay them for the privilege to do so. Well, them and steam, I don't think I have seen a company throw away its hard earned good will so quickly and so catastrophically. I can't imagine the state of gaming a few years down the track when they release their paid "bug fix" system. Hell they'll probably get the community to do it for them and demand a 75% cut.]This game would be a must have on PC, if it wasn't for the monetization of mods, which pretty much has ruined what made this game great in the first place. With out the abillity to mod your game for free, I can't recommend it to anyone, and woulod actually recommend against it and any other game where enjoyment is primarily through mods.]I loved this game and spent a fair amount of time with mods. Implementing paid mods is disgusting, even more disgusting since it already has a insane amount of mods on the internet.]Used to be good due to modding community, now not worth it.]pls no paid mods thanks bye]YOU DONE F**KED IT UP]Once upon a time there was a game called The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, it was a very good game with a loving, creative community around it. That community was now ruined by the Pay4Mods plague brought by the joint efforts of the evil Valve and Bethesda. This game supports paid mods, I do not. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve? You even have the balls to take 75% of the profits made if someone buys a mod while the creator gets only 25%, now how the  do you think the creator of the mod is gonna keep making said mods when you give them the ing black  of Steam in their ?? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZAKeddtOuM For those who read this please note, Skyrim is an amazingly fun game to play P.S. I know I dont have a lot of hours on this game but trust me, I have played this game for A LOOOONG time on my XBox 360]Horse with giant phalices mod didn't cost enough.]Bethesda expects Modders to fix their games (see: Unofficial Skyrim Patches) but now they + Valve are charging for Mods and taking a 75% Cut. Nice, Valve. Nice, Bethesda. EDIT: We won the battle but not the war. Do not cave to bad business practices!]Please stop make a great modding community fight, Paid Contact Mods have angered so many of your now betrayed fans. I beg you to Remove it soon. Please......Pretty Please with a cherry on top for the good of the modding community. I dont think anyone should get Skyrim until this is taken out.]Fun game, but this review is negative to have an impact against paid mods (Edit: Valve removed the feature but will try again in the future, which is still bad). Edit: The paid mod feature has been removed! This is a step in the right direction, however it is only a step. In the announcement that paid mods would be removed, the poster said "We think this made us miss the mark pretty badly, even though we believe there's a useful feature somewhere here." We still need to communicate that they not only missed the mark, they hit a bystander. They should not try again. This review will stay negative to show that we will still not stand for paid mods of any kind whatsoever.]Never forget April 23 - April 27, 2015. Steam tried to screw over the gaming community with paid mods. Let this review serve as a reminder to anyone who forgets.]I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME WHEN THEY SUPPORT PAYING FOR MOD'S!!! "MODS" NOT "DLC", SHOVE IT UP YER !]It is a shame this game had to make such a turn for the worse so much later. This game was quite great, and with a strong modding community, it was far better. But now with the modding community torn to shreds, different camps on the paid vs not-paid side, the pure chaos that has been introduced due to Valve and Bethesda introducing paywalls for modifications with no consumer assurance of the product working, this game has lost the value it once held. The Elder Scrolls has been a bastion of modding greatness, and I suppose in that way, it is fitting that it would also help bring about the destruction of such a strong and active community.]I can only hope other games don't follow the terrible decision to add paid mods to Skyrim. Don't plan to buy any Bethesda titles in the future if this is the way they're going.]The paid workshop mods are unacceptable.]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! SOME MOD CREATORS ARE CHARGING STEAM FUN BUX FOR THEIR MODS! It's like homemade DLC, and DLC in itself is bad. Remember when mods for PC games were free? Apparently Valve and Bethesda forgot. UPDATE: Valve lifted the pay wall for user-created mods, but don't start thinking it's over, this will happen again. DON'T BUY GAMES WITH WORKSHOP SUPPORT]Real cash required for mods that should be free? It's one thing to have a donate button for people who wish to support the mod creators but to force a paywall onto the workshop is ridiculous. Why have you betrayed us lord Gaben?]Great game playing with MODS. Not recommended at all if you have to pay for that new UNOFFICIAL DLCS. We won and there is not UNOFFICIAL DLCS anymore, but valve and bethesda hurt pc comunity. Don't forget.]Wife returned home only after installing unofficial patch. Can get the best crossbow regardless of faction choice, otherwise what would be a very crippling scenario for ranged character. What do I keep hearing about the optional modding again?]Paid mods? No thanks]What Valve are doing is creating a system where people who actually want to make stuff for free can't because other people will steal the mods and put them on Steam to sell, thus making an unfair profit while the modder loses out on valuable exposure for their work and development time, which was based on an ethos that says if you create for free and give out for free, then others will do the same. Now this work space is under attack by the system that Valve has created, because it makes their environment hostile to the modders work space, the mod creators are now prey to predators who will steal their work and profit on it unfairly. This isn't about Valve making money on mods, it's about destroying the community of sharing in order to monetise everything as much as they can.]Mods are something that should be free, not paid for, especially when modders only get 25% of the money, and no way to prove a mod is yours.]25 % of the money goes to the modder 75% to Valve and Bethesda... .....no.... just no]As someone who loves to screw other people without consent, Ive gotta say Im really loving the new direction valve has taken with screwing their costumer base despite the constant screams to stop, but I still cant recommend the game wholeheartedly until Gaben stops being so coy about it and shows up in person to have his way with my unwilling newbille boy booty.]Paid mods will ruin Steam.]Somehow Bethesda and Valve managed to tear apart a 14+ year old, tightly knit community overnight with the introduction of the paid mod system. Whether or not this decision and feature rollout will completely annihilate the ability to freely mod Elder Scrolls games in the future is yet to be determined, but as it stands now this new system is doing far more harm than good to what had previously been a global family of mod authors and players. Nice job guys, ya done ed up.]What the actual h*ck!!!! Paying for dam mods? Dam you Gabe Jewell!]Are you telling me that if i buy a mod i wont know if its compatible with my game. GabeN, You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villan.]I really liked playing Skyrim. And I liked it especially for the mods. But I think Valve/Bethesda are ruining the game right now by monetising mods. There are lots of pros and cons mentioned in the last days, which are: Pros: Modders earning money : The mod is property of the modder. If he decides to share it for free, it's his choice. If he decides you can only play his mod on tuesdays, it's his choice. And if he decides to earn money with it, it's once again his choice Getting modders to create expensive mods : developing mods costs a lot of time. And time is money. So why not support your local modder? Sometimes they even use motion capture of sound studios. And those surely dont come for free. lots of money for valve/Bethesda : Hey, you got someone else to do the work for you, and you just get 75% of the share Cons: You only get 25% of the income as a modder : Really!? How do you justify taking 75% of the profit from someone else's work? Imaging paying 75% taxes on your income. I bet you would start looking for ways of financial fraud. Because 75% feels like working for someone else. Yeah, you (valve) are providing the platform (workshop) and the servers. And you (Bethesda) are providing an editor to the modder. But all those things you did years before for free. No working protection against theft: Everyone can upload mods. They dont even have to be the creator. They just take a mod of Nexus upload it on the workshop and put a nice price on it. no working quality assurence: There's no way of knowing a mod is good/bug free before playing it. Sure, there are user ratings, but someone has to be the first to buy it. nobody will develop huge mods for money: If I'm planning to earn money by creating mods, I can either create 20 small mods for 2$ than a big one for 40$. The risk of failing with one big project is bigger than failing with lots of smaller ones. The great "expension"-like mods will still be developed for free by enthusiasts the mod may be broken after a patch: Usually there are three options: 1) The original modder will bring an update 2) You cant use the mod any longer 3) The mod has become an "ophran" and someone else adopts and updates it. This works with free mods, because it's not about the money. Option 1) Everything's fine 2) Gamers are  because they paid for something which is broken 3) The creator is  because someone else is earning money with their work you're asking money for something that has always been free: This feels like DLCs 2.0. I listed the point for completeness. I think paying respect for someone's work is right and therefore support the general option for modders to ask for money. But by taking 75% you're sending the wrong signal. It's not about supporting the modders but personally getting rich on someone else's labour. How to fix it: 90% of the share belongs to the modder: He put a lot of time and effort in it. He is keeping the game alive and therefore should get the lion's share. Valve/Bethesda is earning enough by new players expiriencing new mods. Quality assurrence: You get a full refund within the first hour and 50% refund within the first 24h](Please pay 5.00 to view this review.)]The core game is decent but the most important thing this game and its predecessors has been the great modding community. They made it a much more valuable experience to me, I would not have enjoyed the game nearly as much without the Mods and being able to test and use them freely was a lot of fun. I think the decision to place user-made fixes and patches to your game behind a pay wall, especially when you take most of the profits, is horribly wrong. It is a terrible business decision and could have unforeseen consequences on the modding community in the future.]Paid. Mods. Never again.]This game is amazing by itself, though it's the modding community that made it even far better than it currently was. Turning what made this game amazing into a scummy business practice that helps no one but Valve makes Valve and the modding community look like a pile of dog turds. I would hold off buying this game until Valve/Bethesda get their heads out of their asses listen to what the community has to say.]Buy a mod, game won't open. 10/10]good game but I won't support it paid mods.  you 2 valve & bethesda]A game with all the depth of puddle, Don't worry though,User made DLC formerly known as Mods can fix that for some extra dosh now. Thanks Bethesda & Valve!]Paying for mods? PAYING FOR MODS??? Greed has no limits..]Paid mods? NTY JEFF They're free again? TY JEFF]Bethesda and Valve have allowed paid mods onto this game, in addition, Bethesda only allows the modders to recieve TWENTY FIVE PERCENT of the money that anyone pays for their mods.]Unfinished Game, riddled with paywall DLC.]Forcing you to pay for mods that were previously free instead of just adding a simple donation button. The very definition of greed, seeing how the creators themselves only get 25% of the profit of their work.]Love the game. Played it to death on 360 and was looking forward to the enhanced PC experience... But paid Mods? No way. Did you know that Value take a 75% cut of the price of any Mod for Skyrim? And I though EA and Ubisoft were bad. Shocking O_o]Paying for mods is a new low. No, just NO!. If I would have to pay for all the mods for games in over a decade of gaming, assuming the price/work ratio would be the same it would cost me around 10.000 euros. I am not paying that kind of money in the next decade for MODS!]So today I was like "hey, let's play this game again, let's install all these really cool mods" so that's what I did, I logged onto steam and tried to find some cool mods and I clicked on one that had a cool skin. "Oh sweet, let's get it" I was about to click on it until I saw something.... .99 cents. Well  this. I closed down skyrim and played some CSGO, Valve, get rid of payable mods, look at all these crap reviews just because of it.]Either give the game for free or mods for free. I can't pay for base game and mods. I'm not a millionare!!!]The fact that the mod authors get a TINY percentage of the profit from content THEY made is DISGUSTING! Could this be the beginning of the end for free mods?]Those payed for mods are worth buying. -No Steam user ever]Sell mods for this boring peice of ..for real? roflmao..Its a crap rpg been better for years out thier..]I kept saying that morrowind was more fun. I wouldn't have recommended skyrim. If I do it now, you will upvote me. Steamcommunity fail 11/10. Paid modifications suck. Bethesda is greedy. Shorter sentence. Even Shorter. Shorter. 0/10. No. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JweTAhyR4o0 Sorry Samyoul, but you bloody nail it.]Paid workshop items goes against everything that the modding community is about. At the very least I expect the forced paywall to go away and instead be replaced with a DONATION button.]This used to be the ultimate game for me but what made it even greater was the endless customization through mods, but now that it's out of the picture, i'd like to say thank you Valve and Bethesda for ruining the best gaming community on here.]The Elder Scrolls VI: DLCborn Click here to pay $4.99 to read the rest of the review]The recent actions of Valve and Bethesda made me give this a negative review, sadly. The game itself is unfinished with a heap of bugs and errors. These bugs and errors have been patched for FREE by the modding community. In addition to this, the huge modding community has kept this game alive and popular these years, giving Bethesda a nice flow of money from people still buying their game. BUT, they wanted more. The idea of modders getting paid for their quality work is fine, but when Bethesda and Valve demand 75% of the profit for doing nothing except providing a place to host (non-curated), and the tools to make the mods. Imagine a carpenter having to pay the company that made his tools 75% of his paycheck, or a taxi driver paying 75% of his paycheck to the company that made the car. This sort of nonsense is accepted here, but never anywhere else. I'd understand a meager 10% cut or so, because of the hosting and whatnot, but they seem blinded by their greed. Skyrim is epic, but with greedy companies like these, it's hard to justify buying this game.]I did enjoy this game and told everyone i knew that they should get it if they are into the RPG side of things but then paid mods came instead of a simple donate button. So nope.]It's a great game, but paid mods.]great game  paided mods]Turning mods into DLC's...not cool Bethesda.]Charging for mods is dumb. Loved the game, played it a ton on my Xbox but made the switch to PC for the mods. Im not going to suddently pay for something thats always been free. Make the change back to before and my review changes back to postive.]Finally got around to buying this when I saw it was a weekend sale item. Would not have done soif I had read the reviews first. The md paywall is unconscionable, and I regret giving Bethesda and Valve any morey at all under these circumstances.]While the game is fantastic, Skyrim became what it is today from its extensive Modding scene. However after the release of paywalls and Valve selling these off as DLC and taking 75% away from the creators is just disgusting. Modders should get paid for their Mods but adding a paywall to them is just despicable. Most mods are not worth paying for, some mods break other mods. Its just simply not viable to charge for Mods. A donation button would be more feasible but amateur modification cannot be straight up sold, especially for the ludicrous sums people are charging. While the game is worth a thumbs up, the expanded community and modding is what brought this game to the fame it has and 3 years down the line, this is all the game has got going for them, now killed by Valve and their new money grabbing ways.]Thanks for the age of pirated mods]Decent game, has paid mods. PAID MODS]Remove the paid modding system. It does not help modders, it does not drive up quality, all it does is promote content theft, ruining the modding ecosystem, and makes Bethesda and Valve tons of money they did not earn. We are warning your two companies. You have taken one step to far, and you won't get away with this.]I used to like this game, but then it took paid mods to the knee.]I enjoy brevity. Skyrim itself is fantastic. Modding has made the game better by a factor of 100. What Valve and Bethesda has done to the modding community is appalling. Mods should never be purchased. Do not support this game, and do not support what has been done to ruin it.]Enjoyed the game for what it was, but can no longer support Bethesda in their endevors while they make paid mods into horse armor 2.0.]Paid mods, with the majority not going to the makers of the mod.]joining the bandwagon]Thank you Bethesda, thank you Valve, thank you Gabe. Without you I would have never imagined that you could pay for mods. So  you, your platform and you ing games. And Skyrim is meh btw. Better find yourself some Morrowind, not on Steam of course. Update: Valve decided to remove paid mods from the workshop. And even though we won, we should never forget that this happened, and we should never forgive them for trying to do so.]Microtransactions are not the way forward. Paid Mods might be viable - but Mod creators should get more credit for their work.]We should have acted. It has already started. The April Fools told of their price. The prank, was merely a warning. Until the time after the paid mods started. When the modding community would spill their own blood. But no one wanted to believe. Believe that VALVe was behind it. And when the truth finally dawned... It dawned in fire! But! There is one they fear. In their tongue, they are nahlimaar! The community! 0/10]Paid Mods. I can't wait till this  hits GMOD.]I honestly don't think this little negative review will change anything but if I can add a little bit of volume to the raging sea right now, I will. Add a "donate" button and make it huge on the page. Make sure people know modders work hard and they like doing it. Don't add a pay wall for things that should be free. Christ.]Vanilla Game 8/10 game with mods 11/10 game with payed mods -2/10]Not cool Gabe, not cool.]Paid mods. Not much else to say. Any dev this greedy, who is supported by free mods and then takes a 75% cut doesn't deserve any sort of positive feedback. It's just wrong. Everything about it is wrong. It takes more and more freedom away from players and gives more and more money to developers. All this is is DLC, something which we have way to much of already. Skyrim, and many games, specifically Valve games were supported, or even built off of mods. There was no money involved, only user collaboration. They didn't do it for the money, they did it for the game. And Steam/Bethesda still made money by the continued selling of the game, due to the mods. TF2, Counter Strike, and many other games have been built off of free mods. No money was ever involved, until Valve bought the mod and turned it into an actual game. Introducing money into this system doesn't make it better. Better mods won't come form this. It's going to reduce quality of mods. More and more cheap little things are going to show up, that aren't worth much but still charge for it, as people quickly try to make a quick profit. Free mods will be stolen and put up. It's also going to reduce collaboration. Lots of big mods have come from the community working together. But, get money involved and that is going to shut down. They're not going to want to share the profits. Greed will take over and the modding community will be damaged. Don't let this spread. Don't give Valve or Bethesda any money from this. Skyrim is a great game, just don't buy it until they fix this. Without free mods, Skyrim is nothing.]It is one of the best games I have played, paid mods however is a big no no as the game requires them to be fun.]alright. valve is now get DLC unpaid labor workers :D]paying for mods lmao todd howard strikes again]Mods are great, but not when used as a form of microtransation]Great game and community until Valve came in and destroyed the modding community with paid mods. I do not support this!]paid mods have ruined this game]While a decent game in and of itself, the modding community is the reason why this game is still relevant to this day. They were able to elevate the game by an absurd standard, and unfortunately the current practices by Valve and supported by Bethesda are working to undue that standard. I cannot support the current paid modding situation, and it reflects poorly on the industry and on Valve that the monetization of goodwill has come this far.]I used to like this game like you, then I took paid mods to my steam account]As the original mongers of Horse Armor, which has brought us to the nickel and diming of DLC today, I must express my utter disappointment with Bethesda. Now they have sent us spiraling down another dark age of gaming, putting mods behind paywalls. Many of these mods FIX their game, which was never truly fixed by themselves. Do yourself, and gaming, a favor. Do not buy this game.]While the game itself is amazing, both Bethesda and Valve are implementing changes to the previously all-free mod environment that could lead to mods we all use and love pay to download, so until this has changed, I must give a negative rating.]I've always had fun with Skyrim. I've never been unhappy with it. Until recently, when Valve decided mods should be paid for. Now the game's ruined. Mods kept it so replayable, so full of life. That's been destroyed now. Until the Steam Workshop will be restored into its original state, avoid at all costs. Same goes for my review, I will not recommend it anymore until they fix it.]Paid Mods? No thank you.]You don't get to charge people for fixing your boken game, Bethesda.]I'm writing this due to the introduction of paid mods for Skyrim. Don't get me wrong, the game itself is absolutely amazing, even more so when you add some free mods into the mix, but what Valve and Bethesda did was absolutely unforgiveable. I renounce Gabe Newell as my idol, and I never had any faith in Bethesda to begin with.]not buying the next elder scrolls game if paid mods continues.]Paid mods ruined the game.]This game is fantastic in every way. Sure there are plenty of bugs, and the graphics are looking a little dated by now. But do you know what helped alleviate all of those issues? Mods. Mods have extended this games lifetime for years. And now Valve wants you to pay for those mods. I'm sorry, but that just doesn't sit right with me. Fantastic game let down by scummy practices.]Having to Pay for Mods.]Valve are the greediest people ever.]There once was an openworld rpg/adventure game which was great. The greatness of this game was only furthered by the the open platform of modding provided by the pc gaming. The modders were a generous group of community members who worked diligently to add more content and enhance not only their gaming experience, but the gaming experience of the community which in turn supported them through donations according to the communities will. However, GREEDY  ERS AT VALVE AND BETHESDA DECIDED TO MONETISE EVERYTHING; therefore, the community and the game will fall until order is restored. Vote with your wallet players.]I got a one week ban for saying how  the paid mods are 0/10]i dun wan pay money for mods, pls and thank]In Oblivion, Bethesda was selling horse armor as a DLC. In Skyrim, they sell horse genitalia textures as a mod. I can't wait to see what's next.]Never going to pay for mods]This was the best game in human history, until the paid mods were introduced. Now, it has been . Never, never did I think that Bethesda would go down the path that EA blazed. I will not buy any more games from Bethesda or through Steam until the paid mod program is taken down.]Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10. Skyrim with mods: 11/10. Skyrim after paid mods: 0/10. Seriously though valve, I have spent hours upon days at times trying to get 200 or 300 mods to work at the same time, and I know some people who can't seem to get 40 working properly.. who is going to PAY for mods that do not work with each other? How will they know if this and that are not going to break and they are left with nothing and wasted cash? You have no idea what you're getting yourself into with paid mods and you provide no quality assurance that these mods are worth the money being charged or that they wont break with other mods being purchased, its not like DOTA2 or TF2 where all your pretty hats are smooth sailing and easy money, no valve this is hard work you're charging us money to do here, the consumer, and you're taking a ton from the modder which i would rather donate directly to him for his hard work if i deem so necessary on a very old game like skyrim that would have been dead if it were not for free mods by modders.]Before mods: 7/10 With mods: 11/10 After introduction of paid mods: 0/10 would not play again.]"You can do anything!" You can't do anything "But mods!" Paid mods. "But DLC!" Half  shit that is only half as good as mods. What am I trying to say here, you may ask? What i'm trying to say is, the game Skyrim, is no good. It's just a big ol mess of bad game. But don't take my word for it, I mean, I did play it for 190 hours. "But if it's so bad why did you play it so long?!" Because I wanted cards. Because yes, mods were fun, before the current mod workshop situation. Because for awhile, I was able to delude myself into thinking I might enjoy the game. And yes, for a small time, maybe early on, I did. And then I kept playing, and it faded. I stopped enjoying it, and just wanted to finish it. Sure i'd toss in a new mod every now and then, having to reset, but that just spiced it up a little. The only joy I have now from this game is telling you, the other consumers, to NOT buy this game. Do not support it, do not support it's creators. It's just not worth it.]Paid mods are probably the worst thing to happen for this. Donations can go a long way.]Mods being priced.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]Paid mods are a pretty stupid idea. I love this game and I have thoroughtly enjoyed modding it in the past and I know from first hand experience that modding is not something that should mbe charged for. You are downloading an unknown and potentially game-breaking file made by someone that you don't know you can trust. There is simply so much that can potentially go wrong with paid modding, let alone modding in general. The most popular paid mod, I think the Shadowscale Armor, is a terrible armor mod that I would never use in my game. However, it is really very diffficult to see that quality and features of a mod without using it beforehand. Paid mods are  and while I love Skyrim like so so much, I am going to have to give it a negative vote because of Bethesda and Valve's shenanigans.]I've been on Steam for 10 years. In all this time, I've never been more upset at them than I am now. Keep in mind, I used Steam back when it was a platform that hardly worked.. the friends system was purely cosmetic: it never worked, and you needed someone's account name in order to add them. It was buggy, crashy, resource-intensive and SLOW. I always liked it because it let me avoid having to keep track of CDs and CD keys, which I would end up losing eventually. This is the last straw, though. Valve ruined the very thing that allowed them to thrive: mods. Half-Life was intended to be a very moddable game, and from that they have allowed games like Natural Selection 2, Counter-Strike, Team Fortress, and Left 4 Dead to come into existence. The worst thing about the paid mods is that the creator only gets a 25% cut after the mod sells $400 USD equivalent. The money goes into their Steam Wallet, which cannot be used as regular funds for everyday life. Not to mention you can sell someone else's work as your own, and earn money FROM SOMEONE ELSE'S HARD WORK. This is not only dishonest, it is illegal . This activity forces people who would otherwise make free mods to monetize, because if they don't, then someone else will, and will have control over this intellectual property. Valve opened a can of worms by pulling this stunt. I doubt they'll ever live it down.]I've played this on Xbox and PC and i might not have alot of hours on here but thats because i dont own it yet but i've played it ALOT on PC and it is alot better on PC I plan to buy the game for PC soon I could spend countless hours on here because of mods but if ALL the modmakers start making us pay for mods then im afraid this game will have lost its touch so until this paid mod conflict is resolved i'm going to have to give a negative review just put a donation button PLEASE]I do not recommend this game.]And this is how customers get screwed once more. Remember DLCs? How they became so widespread in the industry and hurt the enjoyment of many titles? Well now companies like Valve and Bethesda have a great idea; why spend resources doing new stuff when people will do it for them in their free time? Mark my words, paid mods will be the future of gaming, Valve just opened the flood gates to a whole new era of greedy corporativism where games that previously refused to release modding tools, will "magically" see their error and let players form the game's DLC, screwing gamers and modders in the process as they make money. You hated day one DLC? Wait until you hear day one paid mods from "famous" modders.]Turn away from this scam. Skyrim was famous for modability. Now they are putting up mods behind paywalls. Go buy GTA4 or something that support free open modding.]In and by itself Skyrim is a good game. However like any game it will get old and repetitive. What has kept me coming back has been a main reason I've constantly returned to Bethseda games: a very vibrant and active modding community. Given a little time after a game's release you could find mods that can tweak and change almost any aspect of the game to customize it to how you wanted it. Over time the mods grow more sophisicated and ones are out overhauling entire aspects of the game or adding quests and areas that rival or exceed even official expansions. Work was shared and expanded on, some modders soley created resources for others while others used them to craft entire graphic overhauls, areas, companions, perk systems, ect. The new update and focus on paid mods already seems to fractured that and raises many headaches. I won't go into it in a review other then to say I'd suggest reading an article put out by forbes, it summerizes it pretty well: http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/ The reason I wouldn't recommend this now is that a mess is going to be swirling around this and there's no way to tell exactly how it will settle. And lets admit it, without the mod scene that grew up the game becomes another decent RPG - good design, fun to play through once or twice and then collects dust, the steam store is full of them for lesser prices. As a last thought its hard to believe this is about helping modders. A 25% cut on sales (for the accountants out there I'm not sure if a dontation would be via what Nexus does would be considered taxable income, but since you're actively selling a product now I'm assuming that this paid system would be) doesn't seem like a good deal. We pay new associates straight out of school a higher cut of production plus a base mininium, and that's with around a 55-60% overhead for a medical office. I doubt the workshop overhead runs that high - just a thought]Putting mods behind paywalls is shady ing business.]The game is fun to play, but it is lacking in features and interesting content after a while. The mod community is excellent, however, I already bought the game. I shouldn't have to pay indie developers to fix bethesda's game. The whole concept of paid mods is a monumental "F U" to the gaming community.]DIRTY S.C.U.M.B.A.G. FUKKING MONEYHOLIC S.O.B STEAM. YOU MADE H.O.L.Y.S.H.I.T FROM THIS FUKKING GOOD GAME, YOU BYTCH! WHAT'S THE TRUE HELP FOR MODDERS??? WHAT'S THE EASY WAY TO HELP FOR MODDERS??? 25% OF MONEY(50% for bethesda, 25% for steam??? FUKK YOU! CRAZY STEAM!) OR JUST MAKE DONATION BUTTON(100% for modder)??? YOU MAD FUKKING STEAM??? ANSWER ME!!!]Not worth w/ paid mods.]Due to the recent addition of the Paid Workshop, I can no longer recommend getting into this as a go to game for modding. It's a shame to see a once amazing game slowly start to crumble.]A Scrub Sloth such as myself frowns upon paid mods. Cannot recommend in good conscience.]Used to be fun, back when you didn't have to pay for mods.]Free Mods are the reason the game has had such a long active player base.]do the right thing valve, undo this mistake]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?]"Skyrim Workshop Now Supports Paid Mods' Bye Skyrim, Bye Valve.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve.]Well i did remove my previous review. The game is fine but the deal between bethesda and Valve not! Think about it what if fallout 4 has microtransaction!?!]Being charged $1.99 to leave this review. 0/10, never again.]Skyrim was my all time favorite game and still is, even before mods i loved it but now with this i'll never be able to look at it in the same way. It's like learning you're favorite author is racist or sexist, it hurts but you will continue reading but you will not suport their new content and you will never be able to look up to them as a rolemodle... LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL F*&% you money w@re$, valve you have sunk down to rockstar/EA/Ubisoft/Nintendo LOW. the sadest part of this is in a month or two we will probally all accept this like we did with google plus on youtube and Valve knows this. another sad thing is skyrims reviews will always be *overwealming positive* so we can't change anything by dislikeing, therfore i really wish there was a poll before hand. The one gameing company i respect has lost by respect. P.S CLUCK YOU MUNEY HWHORDING BUSTARDS GO TO HEEL YOU FAT LASTERDS, I DIZLIK CUZ I'M HIP. Sin-cerely a calm level headed individual, I am now going to spam some random website with #Half Life 3 confirmed, sin-celeray a underage a$$h0le who has no understanding of politics or ethics what so ever. Shrek is life, Shrek is love, it's never all Ogre]Valve and Bethesda have joined forces to destroy what makes PC gaming the way it is. They have started monetizing MODS made by community members. They try to pass it as modders making money, but what these snakes don't tell you is that they keep 75% of the money, the creator of the content only gets 25%. On top of that, they need to make $100 a month to get paid, if they can't get that, Valve keeps it. This is not only another step in destroying PC gaming, much like DLC, it has ruined what was once a great, friendly modding community. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU HAVE ANY CONCIENCE, OR DESIRE TO SEE PC GAMING STAY THE WAY IT IS! A PURCHASE OF THIS GAME IS DIRECTLY FUNDING THE DEATH OF YOUR OWN HOBBY! THERE ARE OTHER WAYS TO PLAY, DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO VALVE OF BETHESDA,]Game developers are so lazy and incompetent that they need to outsource the DLC to the community. End the Paid mods ASAP.]Valve has destroyed SKYRIM.]Paid mods. Yeah. Not much else to say. I still like the game, actually.]Used to be a wonderful game with a large and vibrant community, then Gabe Newell felt that he was in need off adding to his 1.3 billion dollar net worth and so he exploited these hard working creators by charging for the work they create and taking the vast majority of the profits (75%).  you. Valve "We used to make games, now we make money"]Paid mods? Really? Come on now.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]Without mods this game is boring. With paid mods is even worse.]While the base game is good, mods were the lifeblood of this game. Sadly, some have been put behind a paywall which greatly diminishes the value of this game. Would not recommend.]This is my form of protest against paid mods. Until Bethesda/Valve remove paid mods this review will stay the same. Edit: Even though they have removed paid mods, Ill be a  and leave my review as negative so that they dont forget.](USER WAS BANNED FOR THIS REVIEW) At least Gabe rolled back paid mods, but i'm keeping this as a reminder of that one time I got community banned.]The game was fun, but sadly since Valve released the paid mods, I could not recommend this game to anyone...]turning mods into dlc one developer at a time]Game developers are so lazy and incompetent that they need to outsource the DLC to the community. End the Paid mods ASAP.]Valve has destroyed SKYRIM.]Pay MOD for Single Player? No.]Recently purchased this because I heard there was a large modding community. Soon after I started playing Paid Mods were implimented. I hated it on The Sims, I'll hate paid mods anywhere else. Completely misses the point of mods. I want to be able to improve my game without paying for rediculous DLC that barely adds anything. Now I have to pay for what used to be free? What about a Donation button so we can make sure 100% of the money is going to the person who WORKED for it. Not giving you 75% while you sit there collecting cash doing nothing.]As Bethesda and Steam make "Paid mod", mod community is ended. and this "Paid mod" will gonna destroy whole modding culture of whole world gamer should unite to stop this situation or every gamer gonna have another DLC : mods]Pay for mods I don't think so...]This is the one of the best games ever but this frickin paid mods b*llsh*t is freakin me out i hate you valve DONT BUY THIS TILL VALVE ENDS THIS SHI*T .....................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... .............//'...'/`............ ........../'/.../..../......./\.......... ........('(.......... ~/'...'......... .........\.................'...../........ ..........''...\.......... _........... ............\..............( ..............\.............\ STOP THE PAID MODS!!!]Modders shouldnt work for free but 75%? We give EA and ubisoft a hardtime for a reason,Valve. The system is terrible,absolutely awful we expected some more thought going into something like this. I would suggest taking the system down and rethinking this. Mods shouldnt be free but if they arent dont rip off the ing modders for their work while giving them no content safety...]This was a great game, till I had to pay for a modded "Greedy GabeN" to the knee.]paid mods/10 dont support this BS]Old and buggy game, now with extra monetization for the makers and distributors? I`d be down for paying very small sums for really good mods, but not to Valve or Bethesda just for sitting back and relaxing. 50% to mod authors would be a start, but preferably more. And of course there is the issue of mod compatibility, which is a killer for anything more complex than art or sound mods. Caveat Emptor indeed. And the stolen mods for sale? Its like some backwater flea market with people taking stuff from other peoples tables and putting it on their own!]Skyrim used to be the best game around. Then it took Monetized Mods to the knee!!]I have many, many hours in skyrim. This is all because of modding. The base game of skyrim, is booring, empty, lifeless, and lacking character. Now, inorder to use mods, which were and have always been free, you must pay. Avoid this game like the plauge.]You see those warriors from Hammerfell? Theyve got paid mods. Paid. Mods.]Great game, played it and loved it on xbox (console peasant) when it came out. But paid mods? Sorry Skyrim but I'll have to thumbs you down in the hope that Valve will reconsider.]Fuck happened?]Had over 100 mods installed now i uninstalled the game i support modders but not steam's money-hungry attempts to profit off of someone else's work for a game they dont even own bethesda i love you please see the light]The game was fantastic and I used to have hours of fun with mod. Keyword: Used to. Now with paid mods a lot of notable modders (Including the guy that made SkyUI, a mod that makes the menus more mouse friendly and is necessary for a lot of other big mods) are charging people for mods when they used to be free. This isn't modding, this is user made DLC, DLC that is possibly going to break the game and isn't compatible with every mod out there. Do not buy this game. Buy Oblivion instead until Valve removes this terrible practice.]Almost unplayable without mods and now they're charging for the mods. At this point, they're revelling in mediocrity. Do not buy this game, and condemn this game if you don't want this kind of scummy practices spread into other games you care about.]This is not a very good game as it has bad mods, most mods are bad and they ask for too much money, it is also bad for it's lack of content that the mods are supposed to fill]Trying to commercialize mods and modders? Smart, neoliberal move: third party dlc slaves for free. I especially love how much they get from the cake: 25%, only paid out after reaching a ridiculous threshold while outsorcing all license issues (anyone ironman suit mod? have fun with marvel kicking your teeth in), the support for broken stuff ("ask the modder nicely if the mod breaks"...really?) and QA (lel, this 99$ super awesome mod is full of broken scripts and blows up your savegame and gameworld...bad luck!) to those poor sobs. Not talking about poisoning the modding scene. No, thank you. What will be the next step? Blocking Mods from everywhere else except from the workshop? "FALLOUT 4: NOW WITH EXCLUSIVE PRE-RELEASE DLC AND MODS! BUY NOW! BUY NOW! NOOOW!!!!!!" Recommendation? DONT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU WANT TO SUPPORT SUCH A PRACTICE]Paid mods will kill this game and I hope no body pays for any mod....the game is a 10/10, the negative thing is to pay for a mod...]This game is fantastic, and is probably the best modern RPG ever made. I am "not recommending" this game ONLY to draw attention to Bethesda/Valve's decision to monetize mods. In short, here's why charging for mods is a bad thing: 1) It exploits/does not fairly compensate indie developers (they only get 25% of sales), who are essentially doing all the work. 2) The system has no measure of quality control, you may buy a mod that is total garbage, breaks the game, or breaks other mods. 3) Someone can very easily steal someones now free mod, and throw it up on the store to make a quick buck. There is virtually nothing to safeguard against this. 4) And perhaps most importantly, paid mods erodes the foundations of a community based on creativity, cooperation, and accessibility. 99.9% of modders got into this as a hobby; it was always a labour of love, about making something for other people to enjoy for free. Hence why many of the True Sons of Modding are staunchly against this change. Vote with your dollar. Don't subsidize the catastrophe that is ESO or pay for Gaben's 15th palatial estate. This is a clear cut case of greed, and basically trying to turn a quick profit off of something that eats away at the heart of the community. #FreeTheWorkshop]The practice of charging for mods in unacceptable. Anyone and everyone who continues to give Bethesda or Valve any business after this move, or anyone who decides to "wait out the storm" is part of the quickly escalating issue. If you want to save PC gaming at all, uninstall Skyrim, Fallout, and any other Bethesda games. The only way to be heard is to yell with your wallet.]Paid mods = . 75% to steam and the company that owes its game's longevity to the creativity and effort of the modders? Add a donate button for the creator if anything at all. Terrible idea.]This is the first review I've written, and I'm starting to see that it's crucial for players to do their part in providing honest feedback for developers, modders and Valve. That said, here's my review: Go to heII, Skyrim. Uninstalled/10]Wanna hear a joke? Paid mods. Wanna hear a funnier joke? Valve became as bad as Ubisoft & EA. Wait...these aren't jokes...who's ing with my medicine?? Edit: Apparently i just got banned from the workshop because of this review. Way to go Valve.]When I originally purchased this game I was under the assumption that, yes, I would be able to purchase DLC, and that is fine, that's the prerogative of the creator of the game and I understand and believe that is fine. But with the addition of the recent "paid for mods" I honestly can say I don't believe I'll be making another purchase of anything related to TES. TES is, at it's heart in the eyes of the PC gaming community, a template. The game itself really is relatively lack luster, go from point A to point B and kill some Draugrs or Bandits along the way. The combat is weak and float-y and the story alongside characters and environments you deal with do not change or react differently when you defeated, what is supposed to be some world-ending dragon coming to destroy everything. But, with the addition of mods that you can download on top of DLC that the games creators have added you can give the game an entirely new perspective and how you want to play it. New schools of magic, new weapons, characters, outfits, entire other games in the series being recreated (Morrowind recreation project specifically) but the thing about those is that they are free, they are from the creators to share with the community. Mod creators are giving lifes blood to a game that, if it didn't have mods, would surely fall to the side of the other games in the PC gaming communities huge repertoire of games and mods to pick from. By charging for mods you are massively decreasing the available to content to a huge amount of people, people that may not HAVE the money to buy DLC, people who just want to play the game from a different perspective, or the infamous adult mods that I'm sure many of you know about. Paying for mods will only be a stake to the heart of the modding community on PC. By paying for mods, you are killing this. I can only hope that valve reconsiders this because it is frankly a very bad move for both Steam's workshop and community mod makers themselves.]The game itself is great and glorious with mods (try them before all is lost) but it is now the seed of the destruction of pc gaming : PAID MODS! BROTHERS AND SISTERS UNITE AGAINST THE FALL OF OUR MASTER RACE  you paid mods  you bethesda and also the mongrels mod makers who suck the  of bethesda and steam .....................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../.................... _____.......^__^............._____ .............//'...'/`............|...__.....\....|...|............/... ___| ........../'/.../..../......./\..........|...|....\....|....|...|...........|..../ ........('(.......... ~/'...').........|...|.....|...|....|...|...........|...| .........\.................'...../...........|...|__/...|....|...|____....|...\____ ..........''...\.......... _...............|_____./.....\______\....\_____| ............\..............( ..............\.............\]Paid mods and 75% goes to steam. not recommanded.]+ 9 points for the quality of the game when modded, which is really the only worthy investment of your time. -20 points for the attempt to put dollar signs on the last remaining useful distinction between a computer and a console, that is, the ability to customize your gameplay with third party modifications. Shame on you Valve and Bethesda. Your customers who shell out money for both the base game and the official DLC deserve better than this. If you want more income from this game, release more quality DLC as you have already. It would undoubtedly sell well. The bottom line is that if I didn't already own Skyrim, I wouldn't buy it at all. As with the example of TheCreativeAssembly and their blatant DLC cash-grabs, it is a game that I refuse to play along with.]Can't endorse this mod paywall rubbish. Uninstalled. Add a donation button fine, take a percentage of donations fine, give some back to the game developer fine. Charging for mods not fine. https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop (Ignore time played, I play offline mostly, probablt gotten 500+hrs no problem)]Bought the game for 50 Euro and now they want me to pay another 50 for mods. yay?]Paid mods? NO THANKS SAMUEL!]Valve wants my money, for stuff they didn't work on.]You have to pay for the mods.]I like Skyrim ,but the new pay 2 mod troubles me. There are better way to support modding without supporting Valve through it. Go to Nexus and donate to modders through them instead. Steam Workshop pay 2 mods will take advantage of naive gamers and encourage theft of artistic work. DO NOT SUPPORT THIS NEW STUPID THING.]Logged into Skyrim today, and a couple mods were missing. Now have to pay for them. Thanks E.... STEAM?]Lol, Valve and Bethesda decided to make the Workshop composed of paid mods. GG Ruined my favorite game of 52 hours. Best 52 hours before the paid mods came out. Sadly, I must not recommend this until they remove paid mods.]paying for mods/10 would not recomend]This game, this wonderful, magnificent game, i can tell you with 100% certainty is probably one of the best games i've ever played. but, i'd sooner go through the hassle of un-installing it from steam, torrenting it from , and using Nexusmods (Which is arguably a better source for modders, and where i get 80% of my mods from anyway) because the good old boys at Valve and Bethesda decided they wanted to make a little extra money on a game that was otherwise not generating any more revenue. Claps for you guys. I urge you Skyrim community, and anybody thinking of buying this game if by the off chance you haven't already, do not support these people. Until they give modders at the very least 90% of the profits (instead of 25%) that they rightfully earn from making such wonderful mods, do not buy this game. What happened to creating for the sake of creation, and enjoyment for others? Otherwise, 10/10 would play this game till the end of time, probably the best game that I have, and will ever play.]i bought it, but i got a problems when im start it (game's eror),, help me plz]free mods!!!!]How about a voluntary donation option for mods, a tip jar ? I am looking at you Patreon.]I thought it was a good time to review this with the whole "paid mods" debacle going on. The world's just... Bland, I think is the best way to put it. And I think this is part of the problem with the paid mods. The mods did a good job of fixing/altering the world in a way that actually made me want to play this game, and now, having to pay for unofficial content that could very well break outside the 24 hours and all I may get is a "screw you"? No. Take your money, Valve. Be s. Let's face it, you are driving away they people that made this platform great.]Right when you thought it couldn't get any worse with the paid mods and all. I present to you ingame popups that encourages you to buy the premium version of mods: https://archive.is/66fit#selection-661.75-661.354]Oh boy, I can't wait to pay for community made mods! Really Valve? What's next, paying for movies on steam? Oh, wait...]Mods are not DLC. If you can't make sure your product works, don't charge for it.]Making us pay for something that used to be free is completely ridiculous. It's a great game but I can't recommend it anymore.]This game sucks, the company that made it and Valve are rip off merchants that want to charge 29,99 for a mod that adds one apple to one the bench on just one pub in the game! If you want to pay about 1000+ for enugh mods to enjoy the game then feel free to buy this pay to win piece of crap.]Paid mods = going the way of EA = dead game.]Fu** paid mods I REPUDIATE GABEN AS LORD AND SAVIOR!]if you are going to get this game get it somewhere besides steam and their mod paywall. Great game and it should be enjoyed but I cannot recommend buying it from Steam.]I do enjoy this game. Unfortunately, Valve has created an awful system that allows mods to be sold for profit. This destroys one of the key purposes for this game. Game-9/10 Valve policy towards this game-0/10]Worst game ever from worst publisher ever. Valve and Bethesda decided to rip off fans and modders alike by selling mods on Steam for cash money. The users hate it. The modders hate it. Only con artists that want a quick buck from privatizing collaborative work and Greedy Gabe love it. Shame on Valve! Shame on Bethesda!]Paid mods will slowly ruin this game and many others in the process. Skyrim is a fanstastic RPG but the business practices of Valve and BSG warrant bad reviews for this game unfortunately in order to hopefully get the paid workshop altered to a donation based system.]Free mods are the most effective engine of product and brand longevity that come at no cost to the developer. What Steam did is repulsive and this was the last straw for me. I don't recommend buying this game, because without mods it's pretty boring and mediocre and with mods is prohibitively expensive.]I formerly would've recommended this game. And I might if Paid Mods go away. But if Paid Mods stick around and become popular with any big mods this game is ed. I don't think anyone wants to pay into the game then pay an additional $50 for the experience I want to recommend to them.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game. With an open world a great story I would recomend it to everyone... As long as you don't plan to use mods. But since you have to pay for some mods now, I'd have to say stay far far away from this game. Maybe I'll recommend the game if they return it to its former glory.]Paid mods? . And not only that I can't even play the godamn game because it never stops crashing. Sure, Bethesda can "help" with that but the information doesn't mean  meaning it doesn't help with the crashing.]only s pay for mods ing s  YOU VALVE]I seriously hope you guys don't play "The Greedy Merchant V: Gibe Monies Pls Edition"]Paying for mods? Outrageous!]Not recommended anymore, buecause the new system allows originally free mods to require a paywall now. Add donate buttons, good devs. Used to love this game, yet core mods like SkyUI are now going to be behind a paywall.]This game is ok without mods, although it has a lot of issues and is quite light on content. I had racked up less than 10 hours on the game without mods and completed the main storyline and most of the major secondary storylines in that time. The best part of this game was the mods, when modded this is one of the best games I have ever played and that relied on a passionate and dedicated modding community. Valve and Bethesda have sought to harm both modders and particularly mod users by introducing paid mods, the lions share (at least 75%) of which does not go to the mod authors and instead goes to Steam or Bethesda. These changes will only harm the modding community, which was a thriving and successful community that entirely relied on the sharing of one another's work and cooperating with one another to fix issues. On top of this, neither Valve nor Bethesda will be providing support or quality control for this service. Installing mods has always been fraught with issues, such as compatibility issues with your hardware and other mods, getting around these issues and making mods compatible with one another again relied on a united community that worked together instead of in competition. Without official support or proper quality control, you will have a very limited idea of whether the mod you are purchasing will interfere with another installed mod or cause corruption to your save game (a common occurrence when installing mods). Additionally, these compatibility problems often do not manifest themselves until a certain aspect or area of the game is encountered, which will usually occur after Steam's 24 hour refund period. It took me the course of a couple of weeks to find a mod setup that worked without (much) issue and that time was almost entirely filled with personally testing mod compatibility and seeking fixes to the issues that arrived. If you intend to install more than one or two mods, you will need more than 24 hours to ensure that they work properly.]If you wanted to buy this game because you heard of great mods, which give it second life, dont do it. It is now being monetized, micro-transactions are coming and what people have been getting for free over last 3 years is now being put behind paywall. Huge disappointment.]I cannot tolerate this bugged paid modding environment.]+can mod out bugs -Added paid mods. -Content creators get a measily 25% of profit. -sets a terrible precedent for the future of gaming While it is fun once you mod out bugs and add features, the addition of a paywall to have that fun is ludicrous. Valve, stop trying to kill mod communities.]And so valve saw their many legions of loyal customers, smiled, and  on them from a great height. Introduce a donation system, not this greedy money grabbing scheme.]I'm incredibly disappointed with Valve's decision to sell mods. A wonderful free service turned into a money grab. We're going to be talking about the Video Game Crash of 2015. An industry that never learns. But hey, LODS OF EMONE!!]I played and loved the game on the playstation. Bought it on steam to get into the modding community. Paid mods will ruin this. I cannot possibly recommend it with mods as paid DLC. Disgraceful.]I would have been able to play it IF ONLY THEY DIDN"T PUT FREAKEN SPIDERS IN THERE!!!!]Skyrim without mods was a sub-par, buggy, lack of functionality game. It really takes a good 50+ mods to make it what it has been hyped to. 50+ paid mods would be at least the price of the game. If anything, Bethesda should be paying modders for upkeeping and fixing their work. No point in buying Bethesda games anymore, they'll release them with decreasing quality expecting modders to not only fix their crap, but rake in the money while doing it. Bethesda and Valve will never get another dime from me.]Paid mods where valve gets 30% and bethesda gets 45%, it's basically getting your community to make DLC for you.]Didn't review before. Good game but paid mods are BS. 11/10 won't mod again.]Skyrim is a brilliant game made awesome by the modding community...no-one forced the modding community to create these mods, no guns to the head, no coercion. They did it because they love to do it, it's a passion for some, a hobby for most! My hobby is painting pictures, I could sell them, but I mostly give them away for free. Modders made mods and their payment was the awe and respect from the community, the thanks and gratitude, which is more than any amount of money. To create something that someone loves, gives you such an overwhelming feeling of accomplishment and pride and inspires you to continue - that is the payment! Paying for mods opens the dark gates to criminal factions and influences, to corporate run 'mod factories' that churn out mods for profit! But for Valve to take 75% of the profit from the sale of each mod made is shocking. To profit out of someone else's hard work, time, energy and creativity is parasitical. However, corporate greed knows no bounds, it is a voracious, immoral beast with an endless appetite! I cannot, in all good conscience recommend 'modded Skyrim'. And a message to Valve: 'Why? You do not need the money, millions of sales occur globally on a daily basis, PC gamers love you guys...so WHY?']Great game made by Beth studios. Too bad Steam just killed Skyrim and all future modable games by them by making a paywall of drm bull. Mods should have a pay or not pay function but by donation, not by Steam who did absolutely nothing in the making of the Mod.]Used to, but not anymore given the way its going on steam]Love this game...hate the idea of paid mods. A horrible idea that is up there with Diablo 3's recently retired paypal auction house. Will change review once this awful idea has been done away with. Shame on both Valve and Bethesda for implementing this. Optional donation button is a better way to show support for the modding developers.]Making Mods buyable, is a big no for all of gaming]There use to be some good left in the gaming industry. The greatest of which has fallen. This is the end of an era.]This is an amazing game, but i can not recommend it after the changes made to the the workshop]just when i thought i found a good gaming company...]"You were the chosen one. It was said that you would destroy the bad gaming companies, not join them... Bring balance to the mod community, not leave our wallets empty! You were my favorite game Skyrim, and I loved you." -Steam Wars Episode 3: Revenge of the Sales.]This game is fun at its core, but there are better options out there now. Even in its prime, it couldn't beat out Morrowind for entertainment hours. The mods had swung this in Skyrim's favor, but since all the controversy started that is no longer a safe bet.]Do not support paid mods. Do not support your industry being more crippled then it already is. Take a stand against paid mods. Allow a donation button to sit there would be fine, but don't paygate.]Who ever liked paid mods anyway?]10/10 would sell out again]Charging for mods is going to ruin this game.]Paid Mods = Bad]$4.99 for good review]Paid mods. End of story]Skryim is a game that had many faults, but since Morrowind, has had the backup of a modding community to fix the faults in this game for the benifet of everyone. Now, in the name of profit, Bethesda and Valve have shattered this community and have changed the modding hobby for the worst.][CAN'T WAKE UP]]Game was okay before paid mods, now , do not buy.]Donate button only. Keep the modding community alive!][REVIEW PACK #1] Mod was not found in your inventory. Please purchase the [REVIEW PACK #1] modification to view this review.]A TIP-JAR IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE SOLUTION. YOU WANT AN IN-DEPTH LOOK INTO THIS JUDAIC FIASCO, GO LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE, I'M MOURING MY HOBBY. PEACE.]Developer has let the fans and the game down. It's a shame.]Paid mods killed my father]Good game but Valve introduced paid mods so now it's garbage]I wouldnt mind paying a little to support mod developers, But Bethesda taking 75% is just disgusting. Im not going to even start on the effects to the modding community and legal issues, its a bad idea and its badly implemented. My review will stay negative until Bethesda & Valve pull their heads out of each others asses.]This game will be part of history as the game that spoiled the modding community - I don't think it will destroy modding, but the long-term effects are unknown. Modding was an innocent thing outside of the corporate shenigans where fans changed or built up on the vanilla game for their own or everyone's enjoyment without financial interests. Nobody even thought of charging a dollar for a custom sword and armor. Now Valve and let's not forget Bethesda have pulled this once innocent hobby into corporate space by waving some dollars before their faces (of which they will keep most BTW). The current result is a toxicity that was formerly unknown between all involved parties, modders vs. players, players vs. modders, modders vs. other modders, everyone for/against Valve and Bethesda. Well done! I don't think anyone is truly against modders earning money for their work, there are some huge mods of DLC quality. We too know that donations have never worked in the past in the sense of getting a decent income comparable to an income in the games industry. That wasn't a problem, modders helped one another, shared knowledge and resources and provided their mods for free. Of course some mods get stuck and never finished, but that wasn't the norm and there are other ways to cope with that (e.g. Kickstarter), also i doubt this will change significantly with paid mods, as the modders are still not obliged to fix bugs or finish a mod in the new system. Here's a compiled list of what's wrong right now, maybe that's not everything, and there's more in the details, but these seem to be the most important issues: Valve gets 30% of the cake, while it's ok for them to get some out of it for hosting and occasionally marketing, i don't know if that's enough for a third of the income, 10% feels more appropriate. In the end they get nothing for all the free mod's traffic, and mods help sell the game, so they already profited. Bethesda gets 45% of the cake, for what? They should get nothing or maybe 5% for providing the modding tools. But in the end mods help them already, for longevity of their product, it's a selling point, and especially mods that improve or even fix the base game should be paid for by THEM! Modders don't get money until they reached 400$ sales, so if they're stuck at 399$ they will never see money, while Valve/Bethesda already earned 300$ without contributing anything to the content creation. Mods depending on other mods can build up to a pay-chain, "Oh you just bought the 2$ spell mod, now you'll need some other mods for just 7.99$". A heavily modded game (e.g. to show off what the engine is able to do) can cost multiple times more than the base game, especially with older titles on sale. There's 25000 mods in steam workshop alone, just to remind you. Also problems arise when an always free mod heavily referenced in other mods suddenly decides to charge. A plethora of copyright and distribution issues with modders helping one another and sharing resources, some mods have been taken down due to this already - oh i forgot Valve will not let the authors take mods down anymore). BTW, how come some of the first mods are swords based on the design of swords from a completely different game? What does the original designer get? Ripoff-mods that are plagiated moneygrabs based off of some other available mods, barely changed and used without permission (some *free* mods have been taken down from other sources already to prevent this). There's no way to get your money back when a mod brakes, you can only convert to steam coin for 24h after buying. There's no quality assurance that checks for incompatible mods, so your newly bought mod may break anytime when you buy another one. Paid modders are not obliged to fix or update anything if it's broken because of an engine update after a week, combined with the point above your money goes poof (or is at least in valve's pockets forever). As of now, this new system has done enormously more harm than good. Mods have been and will be taken down here and elsewhere. Legal issues are just starting to unfold. The community is split between the hobbyists and the ones with dollar signs in their eyes. Mods are being pirated. There are heated debates going on and frontiers are building up between former allies for the coming cold war and inevitable skirmishes. Nothing of this existed as mods were free, it's just sad. All because of a little money. The game itself would get a maybe 6-8/10 BTW depending on what you're into, this downvote results from the idiots in suits that forgot why there is modding in the first place, and thus harming this game as well as modding in general.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You shouldnt charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. Especially when your making large profits at the expense of the creators, forcing the mods to take a 25% cut for 100% of the work they put in to make it, coupled with the fact that you are unprepared unless legally obliged to take down mods once the creator says they dont want you representing them. People can and should support mod creators via donations, or better yet a larger cut of the profit for their work and a right to pull their own work should they choose to. Putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. This practice is immoral and deplorable. I hope valve turns this around.]This game with mods is great. Introducing a paywall and trying to sell previously free content? Giving the content creators a fraction of the money? Breaking the modding community? Shame on you Valve/Bethesda. The whole benefit of buying this game (and similar games on PC) is for the modding opportunities. If you take that away (or monetize it) you breed bad feeling and remove the sole purpose of getting the game on this platform on the first place. Introducing this system retroactively is an even worse idea. People may have hundreds of mods. What happens if large numbers of them rely on a mod that has now become paid and the person doesn't want to/ can't afford to pay whatever they are charging? Congratulations, you just broke their game.]I played Skyrim for a very, very long time on console because my PC wasn't very good. When I upgraded my PC it was one of the very first games I purchased, but one thing led to another and I never really got much time to play it. I always wanted to come back to it with mods to shake up my experience, but with the new system... that's never going to happen.]I'll make this simple: no paid mods.]Great game, kept alive by mods. Now Gaben and Valve want to ruin that. I feel a little betrayed.]Mods should be free.]Morrowind is free to mod.]Made by greedy developers who don't appreciate their consumer base. The mods could make this worthwhile, but they want you to pay for those too.]Fun game. Ruined by paid mods.]This paid mods thing is silly. Although if you buy this for the base game it's quite good for about 20 hours.]Not worth paying Valve for something they didnt create when it comes to mods.]Paid mods is bad for PC gaming.]Get your heads out of your asses Valve and Bethesda. Pulling this paid mods crap all of a sudden, without any form of discussion is just not done...]The game is extremely buggy and modding is required for it to be anything close to playable. Which they can now charge for with Betheseda taking the lion's share. So they have no incentive to fix the game and can even make money of it's bugginess.]Paid mods are bad Gabe.]Whether or not it's okay to put up a paywall for something free by definition aside (hint: it's ing not), not being able to even check reviews is absolutely ridiculous. Are you telling me that unless I pay the money I'm not allowed to hear complaints or possible issues with my purchase?]This game was one of the best games to try after you upgraded your computer or got a new. Emphasis on was. You could see how many amazing mods you could install until the game couldn't handle it anymore. If your computer was really up to snuff you could make the game look amazing and surpass even the most recent games. Unfortunately everything is slowly moving behind a paywall. So even if this game goes on sale for say $5, you could easily spends many times that amount for something I was once able to do freely.]If we  on this game enough they'll stop their pay-for mods. You don't do this for the same reason you don't sit infront of a street preformer charging every person who stops and listens an ammount of money and then take 75%. 25% for yourself because you own the street and 50% to the owner of the song the street preformer is covering. That's exactly what Valve is doing and if we  on this game enough they'll stop it here. If we don't we'll have to pay 5 bucks for a mod for GTA V that gives us 1 extra gun.]Can't recommend with paid mods. Modding is one of the pillars of PC gaming, and the best part was that it was always done in good faith, until now. This is nothing but a money grab. I'm not giving valve or bethesda any more of my money for somebody else's work. I would happily support modders with a donation button where all the money goes to the actual modder, sadly I don't see that happening.]vastly overrated game that just got worse with greed]Skyrim itself is pretty great! Highly recommended. The most recent fiasco regarding paid mods is why this review is ultimately negative.]I'm giving Skyrim a negative review for one reason and one reason only: Bethesda supports paying for mods. I will not remove this review until Bethesda removes the requirement to pay for mods.]RIP Elder Scrolls series and future Bethesda games. Never supporting you again with the paid mod nonsense that you've pulled.]I've been on Steam for 10 years. In all this time, I've never been more upset at them than I am now. Keep in mind, I used Steam back when it was a platform that hardly worked.. the friends system was purely cosmetic: it never worked, and you needed someone's account name in order to add them. It was buggy, crashy, resource-intensive and SLOW. I always liked it because it let me avoid having to keep track of CDs and CD keys, which I would end up losing eventually. This is the last straw, though. Valve ruined the very thing that allowed them to thrive: mods. Half-Life was intended to be a very moddable game, and from that they have allowed games like Natural Selection 2, Counter-Strike, Team Fortress, and Left 4 Dead to come into existence. The worst thing about the paid mods is that the creator only gets a 25% cut after the mod sells $400 USD equivalent. The money goes into their Steam Wallet, which cannot be used as regular funds for everyday life. Not to mention you can sell someone else's work as your own, and earn money FROM SOMEONE ELSE'S HARD WORK. This is not only dishonest, it is illegal . This activity forces people who would otherwise make free mods to monetize, because if they don't, then someone else will, and will have control over this intellectual property. Valve opened a can of worms by pulling this stunt. I doubt they'll ever live it down.]I've played this on Xbox and PC and i might not have alot of hours on here but thats because i dont own it yet but i've played it ALOT on PC and it is alot better on PC I plan to buy the game for PC soon I could spend countless hours on here because of mods but if ALL the modmakers start making us pay for mods then im afraid this game will have lost its touch so until this paid mod conflict is resolved i'm going to have to give a negative review just put a donation button PLEASE]I do not recommend this game.]And this is how customers get screwed once more. Remember DLCs? How they became so widespread in the industry and hurt the enjoyment of many titles? Well now companies like Valve and Bethesda have a great idea; why spend resources doing new stuff when people will do it for them in their free time? Mark my words, paid mods will be the future of gaming, Valve just opened the flood gates to a whole new era of greedy corporativism where games that previously refused to release modding tools, will "magically" see their error and let players form the game's DLC, screwing gamers and modders in the process as they make money. You hated day one DLC? Wait until you hear day one paid mods from "famous" modders.]Turn away from this scam. Skyrim was famous for modability. Now they are putting up mods behind paywalls. Go buy GTA4 or something that support free open modding.]In and by itself Skyrim is a good game. However like any game it will get old and repetitive. What has kept me coming back has been a main reason I've constantly returned to Bethseda games: a very vibrant and active modding community. Given a little time after a game's release you could find mods that can tweak and change almost any aspect of the game to customize it to how you wanted it. Over time the mods grow more sophisicated and ones are out overhauling entire aspects of the game or adding quests and areas that rival or exceed even official expansions. Work was shared and expanded on, some modders soley created resources for others while others used them to craft entire graphic overhauls, areas, companions, perk systems, ect. The new update and focus on paid mods already seems to fractured that and raises many headaches. I won't go into it in a review other then to say I'd suggest reading an article put out by forbes, it summerizes it pretty well: http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/ The reason I wouldn't recommend this now is that a mess is going to be swirling around this and there's no way to tell exactly how it will settle. And lets admit it, without the mod scene that grew up the game becomes another decent RPG - good design, fun to play through once or twice and then collects dust, the steam store is full of them for lesser prices. As a last thought its hard to believe this is about helping modders. A 25% cut on sales (for the accountants out there I'm not sure if a dontation would be via what Nexus does would be considered taxable income, but since you're actively selling a product now I'm assuming that this paid system would be) doesn't seem like a good deal. We pay new associates straight out of school a higher cut of production plus a base mininium, and that's with around a 55-60% overhead for a medical office. I doubt the workshop overhead runs that high - just a thought]Putting mods behind paywalls is shady ing business.]While the base game is good, mods were the lifeblood of this game. Sadly, some have been put behind a paywall which greatly diminishes the value of this game. Would not recommend.]This is my form of protest against paid mods. Until Bethesda/Valve remove paid mods this review will stay the same. Edit: Even though they have removed paid mods, Ill be a  and leave my review as negative so that they dont forget.](USER WAS BANNED FOR THIS REVIEW) At least Gabe rolled back paid mods, but i'm keeping this as a reminder of that one time I got community banned.]The game was fun, but sadly since Valve released the paid mods, I could not recommend this game to anyone...]REMOVE PAID MODS]Pay to mod? REALLY? Were not console peasants.]This game was once good, but that was considering the year it came out, rather than the quality of the mechanics as they aged. This game is awful compared to most current games, and now has become the leading force in terrible monetisation practices for valve.]How the great have fallen. This was, and still is a good game. But the mods are what made this GREAT. Now Valve and Bethesda want to put mods behind a paywall. This is by far the worst thing to happen to PC gaming in a long time. Please don't buy this game so these companies see that blatant cash-grabbing like this is not okay.]You have to buy mods now. Not worth getting this game because mods were the whole point. Don't buy it, even for $5.]This gets gets a thumbs down because of Valve's evil business practices. You ruined it. Every one hates lord Gaben now. I hope his wrath doesn't hurt too many people's wallets. Aha. Lets not buy any of the MODS! Genius.]I've spent my last dollar on Steam so long as this "paid-mod" feature stands. Valve can kiss my .]It's one thing for Bethesda to shirk their job of making a playable video game and then give their customers the ability to fix the game to their liking, but now these fixes are being put behind a paywall, makin git even more reprehensible. I really disliked this game to begin with but this whole paid mods business has made me dislike Bethesda (and Valve) even more than I already did.]First I'd like to point out that the game itself is fantastic, and it is through the multitude of mods that make it so damn amazing. Now that Steam is supporting paid mods, more and more content is and will be put behind pay walls. Welcome to the new era of DLC, DLC that the company itself doesn't have to make. I do not support Steams idea of paid mods.]This game is OK but it has many issues that Bethesda never bothered to fix. The only way to fix these issues is to use mods, unfortunately Steam and Bethesda have talked modders into charging for these mods. They're effectively making you pay for patches and to make it worse Steam/ Bethesda keep 75% and the modder gets 25%. Without the mods the game is playable, but can get very frustrating. So because I have to rate only the game, not the third party DLC(mods), I have no choice but to give it a "thumbs down". EDIT: Steam/ Bethesda have taken down the paywall (for now?), so you will be able to get the mods that make this game run much smoother. I'm leaving my down vote for two reasons... 1. Many of the issues that the mods fix should've been fixed by Bethesda. 2. Call it a "reminder" to Bethesda that they need to treat the people who they are profiting off of with some respect.]Bethsada and Valve are now at war with the community that has helped them sell millions more copies than would have been feasibly possible for this game. Good job.]I can't In good concience recommend this game, it promotes the worst type of greed and horrible business practices I've ever seen. Valve and Bethesda have officially killed modding. Hope you're happy you greedy s.]I can't In good concience recommend this game, it promotes the worst type of greed and horrible business practices I've ever seen. Valve and Bethesda have officially killed modding. Hope you're happy you greedy s.]Do not support paid mods. Stop it at very beginning, don't buy it. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ This remains as a reminder in case these are coming back.]im butthurt]paid mods is in not a bad idea in itself but the 75% cut by bestheda and valve is ridicolous. a donate button would be much more suitable]The MOD paywall has made this fun-customized game into something of a cash cow. Very disappointing.]Now lets all thank Bethesda for supporting mod buying at 25% profit.]in the past i would have easily recommended this game due to the games bugs and short comings being made up for by mods . however now with the introduction of paid mods i will judge the game by itself Pros +open world +hours of quests +reasonably interesting storylines +fully voiced (with the exception of your character) Cons -there are a lot of quest breaking bugs in the game that can occur for several reasons -repetitive combat -repetitive enemies (be prepared to fight about 10000+ draugr) -limited spells -spell casting system ruins immersure (e.g using healing magic means opening the menu equiping the spell to 1 of ur 2 hands using the spell then reopening the menu then reequiping ur old spell, sword, shield etc) -painfully obvious console port (menu and interface designed for console, very different from oblivion) -solutions to quests are more often than not to kill something or a bunch of somethings, then bring something back -fighting dragons is fun at first but quickly gets tedious (oh look another dragon but this one shouts at you in a different colour and takes an additional 14 sword swings to kill)]Really paid workshop content? how bout you go  yourself Vavle...]paid mods can lick my . rip skyrim but my heart will go on. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KolfEhV-KiA&index=128&list=WL]Paid mods. This game lost me just now.]White Jesus wouldn't ask people to start paying for mods.]No to paid mods!]paid mods is in not a bad idea in itself but the 75% cut by bestheda and valve is ridicolous. a donate button would be much more suitable]im butthurt]The MOD paywall has made this fun-customized game into something of a cash cow. Very disappointing.]ing lol this game is a joke]You hear that? It's the winds of .  mods Randy,  mods.]Pay 5 dollars to mod in a good reveiw.]The only way to make this game and any bethesda game good is with mods, and I mean, lots of mods, I usually end up using about 60+ mods, that means the game end up costing 200+ USD easily, and can go even greater. Never buying another bethesda game again, and that saddens me a lot, because the TESO and FO series have a special place in my heart.]an amazing title now turned to micro transaction orgy. well worth it for core game, even though bethesda doesn't deserve a penny for their business practices.]Paid mods are a disgrace.]It's frankly a low quality game, one unsupported entirely by its publishers and entirely reliant on its community for both patching and additional content. In this day and age, people should expect this from Bethesda, who have a history of lying about the origins of their game engines, failing to innovate, and making grandiose promises in the style of Molyneux about procedural content that ends up being lackluster while replacing handwritten things of much higher quality in previous games. Of course, all this would normally be quite forgiveable because of how truly excellent their community is - unfortunately, I must now no longer credit them for that community, because Bethesda has shown a callous disregard for that community's wellbeing, and has decided that instead of supporting said community they'd much rather make a profit off it. So no - do not buy this game. Do not ever buy any Bethesda game. They aren't worth it anymore.]Paid mods this time? Hurting the community as a whole. I'm all for helping modders make money but scamming them in the process? tsk tsk. Its a great game and we can still support the modders? Why not just include a donations page to the modders when you go to download the mod?]This is PC not consoles. Stop ing with the mods. Go milk the dumbtards on psn or xblive and leave things as they are were here.]Skyrim is in general a good game. Sadly the Steam Version its appeal with the new paid mods system. So i cant recommend this anymore.]Remember when Cities: Skylines added paid mods as an April fools joke? Haha, how we all laughed... no ones laughing now are they?]Great game. Amazing game with the best quality you can get for a fantasy RPG. This game has been around for a long time, the DLC are a okay, but I would like to see them actually added to the game. The game has so much content and each character (NPC) has a whole backstory. It must've taken a long time to make and that is why they shouldn't have added a PAID WORKSHOP. PAID WORKSHOP - YOU "SUPPORT" FOR THE USER MADE ITEMS. What is the point of that? To encourage the workshop? The whole point of the workshop is to enjoy the free content that is given. It is basically adding tons of DLC to the game. I personally would not want 1,000 DLC in a great game. I know this feature is probably never going to be removed, but rather than encouraging people to list workshop items, it is discouraging the use of the workshop. Now the free items are all going to be absolute horrible, and the paid items are going to be maybe $1 per workshop item. These items get you aesthetic armor, fancy looking weapons, and improvements. I feel like the only thing that would actually fit in to the base game and not stnad out like crazy is the improvements. Graphic changes are nice and I like the effort to make them but I don't like the corruption that will spread through buying these. If people want to make a living off of making content, then join a company. If you want to have people enjoy the items of the workshop, then do it! But don't make someone have to pay for someone's works on a game that isn't theirs, it will be awful. The content may be decent and could've taken some time but I, and most others would not want to pay $.50 per one useless armor set. This "useless armor set", on the other hand, would be really cool if I browsed the FREE workshop and said, "Oh look, this looks pretty cool! Let me try it out!" I might like it and I might keep it. Most everyone uses mods for skyrim. Skyrim is so much based on mods and that is why everyone loves it! Do you really think people are going to like it for DLC? No. That isn't why the workshop was created. The workshop's purpose is diminishing, yes poeple can make their own works, but now it isn't open to everyone. Only people who are willing to act as if it is worth it. Games update for free with MUCH more content than a simple workshop item. The most I would do to help these people is add a donation button, but please do not make what everyone loves into a worthless DLC marathon for cheap aesthetic money-wasters. I love what Steam is doing to show they care for these people making the listings in the workshop, but this was a bad idea and needs to be approached differently. - Contra]Don't invest any time with this game, I've spent a week trying to fix the random crash to desktop issue. Nothing works, and yes, I've tried all of it.]My full review is availible on steam workshop for $29.99]That paywall is starting, do not buy buy this game and cause a collapse of modding, wait until Valve changes or removes the policy until then...]8.8/10 "It was okay" - IGN]Good game. Greater with mods, However I do not endorse paid mods, Mods are from the community to the community, not by the official developers, or granted by valve, also they don't offer support. Was such a good game, if you still have it, or play it please consider when to use the workshop, you can also use good mod sites nexusmods.com Also if you do not endorse this new pay method you can go to https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop and try to change this.]Game 9/10 Mod support 1/10 Bad review due to the current mod market implementation and subject to change if the market does... Good modders deserve to get paid, I will not doubt that, but the system in place now is terrible. A full on paywall is a terrible way to do things with the nature of mods and how easily they break, corrupt and sometimes do not work with other mods. All this is is going to do is cause problems with the modding community, before if there was a problem it was no big deal, it was free, just uninstall and move on. Now that some of these will be paid for, there will be many angry people when things do not work or take to long to be updated after a gamebreaking patch. Aside from that, the modders get nothing from this deal but pocket change. As it currently is set up, 75% goes to Bethesda and Valve while only 25% goes to the modder. This is a bad deal, made worse by the fact that Valve only pays you after $100.00 in sales earned. One would have to sell 400 copys of something at $1.00 to even get paid at all, not only is that crappy but it will inflate prices so modders can cover the loss and hopefully get paid sooner instead of a year later when that money cap is hit. Also, why does Bethesda get any of the money? They deserve none of it at all. Now, before some of you get up in arms saying it is Bethesdas game, they have rights to it and so on, think for a moment. You bought the game, you own it, not Bethesda, it is paid for... In this current logic, if we applied it to a car, you take your car in to get some window tint and rims, a car modification of sorts, then the money you paid to have it done is split 25% to the mechanic who did all the work, and 75% split between the place those parts were stored and the cars manufacturer. The deal should only be between the mechanic, storage and the customer no? Why does the manufacturer get a cut here, they did nothing but build the car you paid for already... So yes, this system is stupid. Set up donation tabs for the modders, if not, cut Bethesda out and give the modders the lions share of the profit, they did the work here.]I cannot recommend this game when mods are paid for, and the mod creators geta meager 25% of the cut. The creators deserve at least 80% of the cut and some mods are practically necessary to fix the game to begin with (Yes, Bethesda, you haven't avoided the well-deserved blame, too).]Up until today Skyrim and the rest of the Elder Scrolls series were a shining example of how the modding community can turn a great game into the best game. Unfortunately both Valve and Bethesda have chosen to destroy this community by profiting unfairly from the work of others. I do believe that those who enjoy the many mods made by passionate, volunteer developers should be able to support those developers financially through donation pages or systems like Patreon. However what Valve and Bethesda are doing is taking most of this support for themselves and hiding mods behind a paywall. What they are doing is destroying the modding community which has existed for many years for their own gain. Until the option to charge for mods is removed (and I doubt it will be) not only will I be boycotting all Bethesda games but I will no longer be using Steam for any purchases whatsoever.]Riot now. Before they ruin the mod community. Support Nexus.]Don't invest any time with this game, I've spent a week trying to fix the random crash to desktop issue. Nothing works, and yes, I've tried all of it.]My full review is availible on steam workshop for $29.99]That paywall is starting, do not buy buy this game and cause a collapse of modding, wait until Valve changes or removes the policy until then...]8.8/10 "It was okay" - IGN]Good game. Greater with mods, However I do not endorse paid mods, Mods are from the community to the community, not by the official developers, or granted by valve, also they don't offer support. Was such a good game, if you still have it, or play it please consider when to use the workshop, you can also use good mod sites nexusmods.com Also if you do not endorse this new pay method you can go to https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop and try to change this.]Game 9/10 Mod support 1/10 Bad review due to the current mod market implementation and subject to change if the market does... Good modders deserve to get paid, I will not doubt that, but the system in place now is terrible. A full on paywall is a terrible way to do things with the nature of mods and how easily they break, corrupt and sometimes do not work with other mods. All this is is going to do is cause problems with the modding community, before if there was a problem it was no big deal, it was free, just uninstall and move on. Now that some of these will be paid for, there will be many angry people when things do not work or take to long to be updated after a gamebreaking patch. Aside from that, the modders get nothing from this deal but pocket change. As it currently is set up, 75% goes to Bethesda and Valve while only 25% goes to the modder. This is a bad deal, made worse by the fact that Valve only pays you after $100.00 in sales earned. One would have to sell 400 copys of something at $1.00 to even get paid at all, not only is that crappy but it will inflate prices so modders can cover the loss and hopefully get paid sooner instead of a year later when that money cap is hit. Also, why does Bethesda get any of the money? They deserve none of it at all. Now, before some of you get up in arms saying it is Bethesdas game, they have rights to it and so on, think for a moment. You bought the game, you own it, not Bethesda, it is paid for... In this current logic, if we applied it to a car, you take your car in to get some window tint and rims, a car modification of sorts, then the money you paid to have it done is split 25% to the mechanic who did all the work, and 75% split between the place those parts were stored and the cars manufacturer. The deal should only be between the mechanic, storage and the customer no? Why does the manufacturer get a cut here, they did nothing but build the car you paid for already... So yes, this system is stupid. Set up donation tabs for the modders, if not, cut Bethesda out and give the modders the lions share of the profit, they did the work here.]I cannot recommend this game when mods are paid for, and the mod creators geta meager 25% of the cut. The creators deserve at least 80% of the cut and some mods are practically necessary to fix the game to begin with (Yes, Bethesda, you haven't avoided the well-deserved blame, too).]Up until today Skyrim and the rest of the Elder Scrolls series were a shining example of how the modding community can turn a great game into the best game. Unfortunately both Valve and Bethesda have chosen to destroy this community by profiting unfairly from the work of others. I do believe that those who enjoy the many mods made by passionate, volunteer developers should be able to support those developers financially through donation pages or systems like Patreon. However what Valve and Bethesda are doing is taking most of this support for themselves and hiding mods behind a paywall. What they are doing is destroying the modding community which has existed for many years for their own gain. Until the option to charge for mods is removed (and I doubt it will be) not only will I be boycotting all Bethesda games but I will no longer be using Steam for any purchases whatsoever.]Riot now. Before they ruin the mod community. Support Nexus.]I can't believe I have to pay for mods. Why? I uninstalled.]Don't support a game that is trying to ruin our precious mods :(]Paid mods Early access mods Freemium mods Mods with ads Mods with DRM Mods with microtransactions Mod season passes Mod Steam sales ... This is the future you choose.]Very clunky UI and poorly written engine, basically relies on mods to run at an appropriate level That'll be extra :^)]This once great game and community have been torn apart thanks to bethesda with the help of valve. Thanks to the monetization of mods members of this amazing community now look at each with hatred as they come after each other for mod stealing, unethical use of mods etc. etc.. this community was a once gigantic symbiotic web that fed off of each other in the best of ways. modders would help other modders and give them resources to use including myself, but now that is all gone and some of the big modders are leaving the modding scene and taking all of their tools with them. Modding was one of the major things that seperated us from console gaming and let us tailor the games to our own needs and now we can no longer do that. I used to love this game but sadly until this changes and beth/valve put in a donate button instead i will no longer be playing or getting mods off the workshop if i do. i will go else where whether it be independently hosted mods or the much better skyrim nexus. The future is looking dark and i am truly afraid to see what happens with fallout(my favorite game series). Great job destroying the community bethesda/valve :D]Do NOT buy this game until mods are free again! Valve shouldn't be allowed to get away with such a disgusting money-grab.]With micro-transactions for things that were what originally brought me to PC gaming. No.]Game is good, paid mods? not so much]I constantly come back to Skyrim whenever I see new mods available on the nexus or on the Steam Workshop. I definitely would not have logged the amount of hours that I have were it not for the free availability of mods. Now, however Valve/Bethesda have decided to start charging for mods. This is content that people have made off their own back, yet Valve/Bethesda are taking 75% of the cut. There is absolutely no need for paid mods as they are what makes Skyrim so replayable, yet Valve/Bethesda saw another oppertunity to grab your money and they are taking it. I encourage everybody who wants the free availability of mods back, to leave a review as I have to show your discontent with the situation. For a mod creator to even make a feasible amount of money they have to charge at ridiculous rates, which means that nobody will be downloading their content. I feel that the community would be a much better off place without the charge of mods, and therefore will not be playing this game until paying for mods has been removed.]Giving this game a negative review because I am not willing to support Valve and Bethesda's new way to handle modding. This is a road that only leads into the deepest pits of exploiting your customers. Those of us, who can afford it, should support mod creators. It is thanks to them that a game that'd normally deliver about 100 hours of playtime can be played for 600 hours and still be something new with every new playthrough. BUT it is NOT up to us to turn a modder into a millionair! We should be thankful that Bethesda has given them the tools to make such great mods. But it is NOT worth 75% of what the mod creators have deserved!]You now have to pay for what kept this game alive. And bethsda and valve are making profit out of it. They are attacking what made them be who they are. gg]25% Is not acceptable. The destruction of the goodwill of the modding community is not acceptable. The $400 limit to even pay out is not acceptable.]Paying for mods is dumb. An otherwise great game.]Paid mods are bad. I've gone back to playing Morrowind. Graphics aren't as great but it does everything else better, especially the MODS (for now).]no just no this is worse than having to buy dark souls 2 twice because of the re-release]Gaben although you based, Omar is commin for you for putting pricetags on them mods.]Mods cost money. Singleplayer cash shop.]Paying for mods is ridiculous, this game has died.]I used to love this game and this developer, now? I just feel betrayed by them.]pay for mods ......]Paid mods is bad and you should feel bad.]Mediocre Game that went completely down the drain with paid mods. Do not buy this in case you haven't already.]Steam took 75% of my review only leaving 25% for you to read. Skyrim was released as a broken game - hardly playable - until modders released an unofficial patch due to Bethesda's laziness to patch it themselves. Now, Valve got together with Bethesda to charge for mods, thus efficiently pitting the gaming community against one and other. Overnight, no less. This is what happens when something becomes "mainstream". Greedy corporations come to to nickle and dime you for every cent you have. They'll suck you dry... and not in a good way. First DLCs, then on-disk DLCs, then already finished content hidden behind a pay wall to finally being charged to buy a mod. Well, I'll say this, I'll be playing those mods, but I won't be paying for them. Know what I'm saying? Hint hint... In conclusion,  Valve. They first tried getting rid of the game Hatred because it was 'too controversial' and now they are pitting the gaming community against each other by charging for mods (by the way, Valve and the game developers are taking 75% of the profit from said mods and only giving 25% to the mod creators). Here's hoping for a gaming crash in the near future. The gaming community needs it! Get rid of all the greedy corporate rats and bring us back to great gaming as it was in the 90's and early 00's.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. This is unnaceptable.]Terrible until the Mod Paywalls are taken down.]Was once a great game with a great modding community only to be destroyed by stupidity and greed from bethesda. will NOT be buy anymore games from them if this is how they treat their community.]Please pay 16.99 to unlock this review. Disclaimer: Contents of review may change. Refunds not available.]It was a great game, then I wanted to mod it but all I found was a payment wall. Could be done better.]Don't get me wrong: Skyrim's one of my favorite games of all time, but Valve's new policy is simply defacing. Paying for mods? No thanks! Listen to the community Valve. Stop being so money hungry, and listen to us! Down with paid mods!]Paid mods trying to ruin the game, really drags down enjoyment :(]This is one of the few games that I can honestly say deserves a 100, at least it did a few days ago. They are now greedily trying to make money off the modders that gave their game staying power. Bethesda has taken one of the best things about this game and destroyed it.]otherwise good, but paid mods are bad, very bad.]With paid mods come into play, I won't buy this game now. Not worth it.]Pay to win is never fun]Fun game but paid mods are a terrible idea.]Paying for content that may not even work? Disappointed with both Valve and Bethesda as two of my favorite publishers. Looks like PC gaming has lost the advantage that it had, and now sits on par with consoles.]you valve and  you gabe newall]Paid modifications? This completely removes the point of modders. I litterally can't even right now.]Paid $5 for a dlc mod that added an apple to breeze home. 1/10]It saddens me that Bethesda and Steam try to milk one of the greatest game i have ever played. I expected this move from a company like EA, i hope that all the negative reviews lead to a rethinking. Adding a donate button to the mods would just have done it but i guess Steam doesn't make any money with that which seems to be the major motivation.]Payin for user created is disgusting. I understand if there is a donation, but putting monitary value on a mod that could be use other modders' asset and putting them together and selling them for profit it's basically stealing and a lie. I refues to pay for mods that have a potincal of ripping the original creator of there work. (Just like Nick Simmons riping of Bleach and artists on deviantart). MODS ARE USER CREATED CONTENT NOT DLC b*****t. I love the game but I just can't support this buisness model, the fact that it's too easy to steal others work and you loose your money to Steam, isn't good. Mods at times don't work with other mods, and you have to remove one of them and our out of $0.25 to out ragest amount. Better off just drive down the street and throw your money out the window. Also, this is a lazy attempt of developers not wanting to make cotent for there games.]Mods should not be behind a paywall. This moves stifles creativity in the community and opens up the floodgates for developers to release incomplete content with the intention of the users fixing it. Modding is a hobby, not a profession. For those mod creators who feel they are entitled to payment, go find a job in gaming or move out of modding all together if you no longer have any love of the game. Its a shame because Skyrim is quite fun.]In light of the recent paid mod debacle Skyrim has lost one of its few redeeming factors. Don't buy it. Not anymore.]Paid mods in a bad system. I'm fine with modders being paid for hard work, but Steam/Bethesda's cut is absolutely ATTROCIOUS.  you, once again EA- I mean, Valve.]paid mods making a once good game even worse]The worse Elder Scrolls ever made. A Call Of Duty like with swords and spells. Just have to click and click again, whatever the level of difficulty. And now, they want us to pay for mods...]It's like skyrim with EA]The game which was once the poster child for everything awesome about PC gaming is now the poster child for everything wrong with the gaming industry. 10/10 idea, 0/10 execution Bethesda & Valve.]Upsettingly bad.]steam and bethesda take away 75% of the profit as their commission fee. Hows that supporting mod creators?]no free mods .well bye bye skyrim!]You now have the option to pay for bad user made content in the workshop......]Paying for some cheap  recolor sword made by some neckbeard basement dwelling no talent hack is bull , and if you know better, then you won't support that .]Bethesda are a bunch of greedy hacks, stay away from their products.]Skyrim is a buggy ocean with the depth of a puddle. In order to fix the bugs, make the game look pretty, and generally make gameplay not mediocre, you must download mods. It's often said that Bethesda has always relied on the modding community to fix and polish their game for them. In short, the mods are really what make this game. Here are some fun facts about paid mods. - 45% of the cost of mods goes to Bethesda. - 30% goes to Valve - 25% goes to the mod creator - The mod creator will only recieve their cut after they've made 100 dollars (so if I priced a mod at $1, it would need to make 400 sales before I even saw any money) - If they do not reach 100 dollars within three months of releasing the mod, they will recieve no money. Ever. - The mod becomes IP of Bethesda immediately upon posting it up in the shop, leaving the mod creator no rights. Some other food for thought - After 24 hours, if, for whatever reason, the mod ceases to function, you have no recourse. - Currently, its very easy to cheat the system by downloading mods off of nexus and selling them as your own content. I'm not against mod makers making money. I think it could inspire some ambitious projects and actually be helpful. For years, the modding community has made Bethesda games what they are. Now, as recompense, Bethesda and Valve try to stiff them. Seeing such underhanded, parasitic behaviour disguised as a favor leaves a rather foul taste in my mouth, I must say.]This game supports paid mods, I do not.]I want to get this straight, I love skyrim and reccomend it to anyone. The reason it is now getting a thumbs down is becasue of steams recent money for mods system. Never will I pay for a mod when the modder used bethesdas creation kit, bethesdas engine, and bethesdas resources. Lets nip this in the bud right now. Paying a third party for bethesdas creative license is ILLEGAL. Lets not kill out modding community guys......]I love the game but sadly since the mods are now a way to leach money I will not support the game. Shame on Valve and Bethesda.]Fool me once, I'm mad. Fool me twice, how could you. Fool me three times, you're officially that guy, you know the one. You go to the bar and he's like "This suit is aaa... offically Giorgio Armani, ask him my Dad knows him and a" - F__K YOU. I AIN'T HAVING THAT S__T! ~JonTron (Regarding Paid Mods)]Great game, but they started going full jew with this Workshop crap. Maybe they will rethink their decision when there are enough negative reviews.]Good game, Extremely poor and unethical marketing decisions. The new Paid Mod fiasco has highlighted an extremely good case for why it's a terrible idea. There's zero content control, and paid mods can easily have content provided for free by their original authors uploaded by anyone. We see this happen with cell phone applications but it tends to be less severe as uploading programs to places such as the Google App store require a certain process and have measures to prevent copywrite enfringement as they are original programs and not merely addons to an existing one. With mods, it's as downloading it for free, repacking it's files, and adding it to Steam for a price regardless of who you are and Valve has offered no substainal content control other than very loosely defined self policing options, which is completely unacceptable. Now, many good, legitimate, free mods are being removed from many places as their authors are afraid of their content being stolen and charged for on Steam. This gross monitization of mods has not increased mod interest, but more direly driven legitimate authors and lovers of modding and the medium they mod into hiding, for fear of having their content stolen. What if DeviantArt let you charge money for a download of a picture on their site and did nothing when people shamelessly stole art from other blogs to charge cash for. That wouldn't work for that form of media, so why the hell should we allow it here. The game gets a negitive review until Bethesda wakes up and realizes the mistake here and removes this absolutely monsterous form of cash grab from their game, nor will I recommend any other betheseda game to anyone going forward until this is changed. Unfortunately, while wisdom says we can vote with our wallets, in this case it's just not enough to drive the message home.]Paid mods? This WAS a great game. It has become everything wrong with the gaming industry.  Valve.  Bethesda.]It was a good game once, now its not.]To begin, Skyrim was a very good game, providing hours of entertainment. HOWEVER, because of the recent introduction of paid mods, the game becomes mediocre at best. Mods were what made Skyrim great, being forced to spend a fortune on them to fatten Bethesda's pockets is despicable. I would not recommend this game to anyone, now.]http://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop Sign this petition for valve to remove the paid content from the workshop. It is a load of BS.]Great game which was massively improved with mods. However Valve have taken it upon themselves to destroy the modding scene, so I cannot reccomend this game.]This new practice is disgusting.]I love the game but sadly since the mods are now a way to leach money I will not support the game. Shame on Valve and Bethesda.]Fool me once, I'm mad. Fool me twice, how could you. Fool me three times, you're officially that guy, you know the one. You go to the bar and he's like "This suit is aaa... offically Giorgio Armani, ask him my Dad knows him and a" - F__K YOU. I AIN'T HAVING THAT S__T! ~JonTron (Regarding Paid Mods)]Great game, but they started going full jew with this Workshop crap. Maybe they will rethink their decision when there are enough negative reviews.]Good game, Extremely poor and unethical marketing decisions. The new Paid Mod fiasco has highlighted an extremely good case for why it's a terrible idea. There's zero content control, and paid mods can easily have content provided for free by their original authors uploaded by anyone. We see this happen with cell phone applications but it tends to be less severe as uploading programs to places such as the Google App store require a certain process and have measures to prevent copywrite enfringement as they are original programs and not merely addons to an existing one. With mods, it's as downloading it for free, repacking it's files, and adding it to Steam for a price regardless of who you are and Valve has offered no substainal content control other than very loosely defined self policing options, which is completely unacceptable. Now, many good, legitimate, free mods are being removed from many places as their authors are afraid of their content being stolen and charged for on Steam. This gross monitization of mods has not increased mod interest, but more direly driven legitimate authors and lovers of modding and the medium they mod into hiding, for fear of having their content stolen. What if DeviantArt let you charge money for a download of a picture on their site and did nothing when people shamelessly stole art from other blogs to charge cash for. That wouldn't work for that form of media, so why the hell should we allow it here. The game gets a negitive review until Bethesda wakes up and realizes the mistake here and removes this absolutely monsterous form of cash grab from their game, nor will I recommend any other betheseda game to anyone going forward until this is changed. Unfortunately, while wisdom says we can vote with our wallets, in this case it's just not enough to drive the message home.]Paid mods? This WAS a great game. It has become everything wrong with the gaming industry.  Valve.  Bethesda.]It was a good game once, now its not.]To begin, Skyrim was a very good game, providing hours of entertainment. HOWEVER, because of the recent introduction of paid mods, the game becomes mediocre at best. Mods were what made Skyrim great, being forced to spend a fortune on them to fatten Bethesda's pockets is despicable. I would not recommend this game to anyone, now.]http://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop Sign this petition for valve to remove the paid content from the workshop. It is a load of BS.]Great game which was massively improved with mods. However Valve have taken it upon themselves to destroy the modding scene, so I cannot reccomend this game.]This new practice is disgusting.]This will prove to be a disaster, and may damage the PC the modding community irreparably if the practice spreads.]Valve has been a great company up until it stopped releasing actual games and looked towards its banking/marketing departments for ways to make money is the laziest ways imaginable. What the hell are you guys thinking. You are creating the worst type of gaming experience possible and splitting the gaming community from people who want to profit off of stolen mods and people who just want to have a better gaming experience. I never imagined such a horrible move from a company that I have come to respect since the earliest years of its existence. I hope that the outrage from this move doesn't die off, that you retract this horrible policy, and work to rectify any negative outcomes that were a result of this.]The DragonBorn DLC has been broken for years but you didn't have time to fix that but you had plently of time to milk mod authors for money. I'll never buy another one of your games.]I used to be an adventurer like you... To see the rest of this review, please pay $6.99. Hiding mods behind a paywall. What a way to ruin a great game.]Just when you thought microtransactions was hell on Earth: BOOM! Pay4Mods. Thanks Gaben!]Fantastic game in its own right with good dlc and great moddi......oh wait nevermind, scratch that, PAID MODS! yay...thanks valve?!? but seriously, i dont agree with paid mods, donation however i strongly support and agree so long as valve dont take 75%!!. will change my view top positive when they change this B#####it.]Due to the push for mods being paid for, I will simply talk about vanilla Skyrim. The menus are poorly layed out, it seems that they were designed for consoles and the PC version was an afterthought. The Civil War Quest seems to be left unfinished due to the fact that the hero only takes over a two holds in the game as well as many other parts which should have been added in the game. The same can go for the College of Winterhold Quest as that just seems like several different ideas smashed together. Essentially this game is pretty mediocre without mods to fix the problems made by not following through on something.]Now that the mods have to be bought the game pretty much lost all of it appeal, because without them, the only thing this game is is a walking simulator]MODS SHOULD BE FREE! ADD A DONATION BUTTON INSTEAD!]the game has paid mods i do not agree and these mods may not be capable with your other skyrim mods so they will crash meaning you wasted your 2 dollars]This was one of my favorite games of all time, But a large portion of what made this game so great and re-playable was the mods. Now that Valve and Bethesda has decided to milk the gamers for every dollar they can get I cant recommend this game,]You were the chosen one, Gaben]I just bought the legendary pack - IT WILL NOT WORK. Tried deleting app/cache - no joy. Keeps looping back to install screen. Do yourself a favour and don't waste your money.]The UI sucks, only stat that matters is HP, most of the quests suck and magic sucks. If you want to improve any of these you have to pay a bunch of microtransactions.]Valve and Bethesda ruined it.]If modders should stand to gain money through modding, do so through a donation button, NOT a bloody paywall.]The greatest RPG of our time, the greatest PR -up of our time]Paying for mods, I would "donate" if pushed but nope, to the scrap heap it goes]I love TES: Skyrim. This game has truly been one of the most fun games I have ever played in my life. The storyline was epic, you feel ike a total badass shouting and slaying monsters all the way to the end. Whatever it is you want to do, go do it, the game doesn't care. And if it does care, then mod the  out of the game and go do it anyways. The BIGGEST reason to love this game as much as I do is for the ability to modify the game and keep adding hours of content to play through. Done with the main storyline? Why not add a new continent to explore. Spells lacking? Pick up this mod and you have a bajillion (rough estimate) more spells to use. AND. ITS. FREE. .... .... Wait hold up... ... ... You're telling me it's not free anymore? What the hell? You mean STEAM stepped in and tore apart an already thriving community by adding a pay-wall to the very mods that kept it alive? With no means of regulating the crappy mods from the good mods? You're saying that this is only going to get worse as time goes on? WHAT THE HELL, STEAM. Well way to screw this game over. Just one more thing to charge us on, right? Couldn't get enough from Early Access, Pre-Order, Multiple DLC, and any other means of screwing over the customer base you can think of, right? How the hell could Bethesda even condone this? The game barely runs on its own. It's BECAUSE OF MODS the game has been bug-fixed to a stable version (Since Bethesda can't seem to error test their own games). Why the hell would you charge people to get access to the content that actually incentivize gamers to buy this? Well in the end money talks, and right now STEAM is hearing money say that if they charge people for these mods they'll make a  more money. However, as I'm sure everyone who reads this is aware, there is a great place to get mods for TES: Skyrim without having to open your wallet. Although the Skyrim Nexus [ http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/ ] has nothing against those who want to sell their mods, they also have a strong community more than willing to offer these mods for free. Stop on by and give them a look over, and move on from this nightmare STEAM has created. You'll still get to enjoy hours upon hours in Skyrim, without having to cushion Gabe Newell's greedy  more than it already is. And if it only gets worse from here? Then  this . I have over 500 hours on this game, I got my lulz. RIP Skyrim.]Vanilla skyrim is a buggy and hard to use waste of time. It is only due to the hardwork for modders that create mods like SkyUI and other mods which make things like the levelling system make sense and enjoyable. Vanilla skyrim 3/10]Valve/bethesda are now charging money for mods for this game . 75 Percent goes to them and 25 percent to the modder , when the modder did all the work , WTF ! . I would of supported a donate button so the modder would get all the money as he/she did all the work, but not this . This is just another way of trying to milk gamers out of more cash . What next , pay a yearly fee just so you can log into steam ? . Pay a yearly fee to play multiplayer ? . GG valve/bethesda . You done ed it up. This will forever stay as a negative review if they still go ahead with this .]Paying for mods is a digusting addition to this once great game]I uninstalled this after the release of paid mods on steam.]Yeah, it's a good game. I wouldn't recommend buying it, as the whole mod-paywall fiasco is going on. It's a stupid idea and should be gotten rid of. Don't buy this game until they get rid of the charging money for some mods.]Gread game ruined by the platform it's sold on. Putting mods behind a paywall is completely unacceptable, especially with the rampant theft of mods being uploaded by people other than their creators. Adding a donate button instead would be a much better option, for verified creators of mods, which would give an incentive for mod makers to work hard on making great mods, and to keep them updated. I would gladly donate $5.00 to a modder making something truly great.]This game is 5 years old, and they want us to pay for community created mods that have also been around for years? I'm never playing this game again. And honestly without mods, this game isnt worth buying today.]The modding community has been around for ages. I first got into it with Morrowind, and the community had been great ever since. The collective of us worked towards a common goal: to produce better mods and to push the skyrim engine to it's limits and beyond. Talented 3d model makers, texture makers, quest designers, story tellers, programmers and more came together to collectively share their work, free of charge. I even had someone compose a song for a mod of mine at one point! Paid mods shifts the focus to community driven to money driven. Now let's talk about it a little bit. Modders who put literally thousands of hours into their work for free probably deserve compensation for their work, but they didn't start with that in mind. Skyui comes to mind. The developer has decided to sell it on the workshop. I'm more or less ok with that due to the sheer amount of time and work put into it. However, now we are seeing  sword models for sale. Why would I pay for a sword that I could go into cinema 4d and design myself in a half hour or so? It's stupid. Until this system is changed I cannot recommend this game, damn it bethesda! Valve/bethesda are taking 75% of the profits for the work of modders. That is absurd.]What really made this game great was mods. After nearly 4 years and an expansive mod community, Skyrim was really great in the terms of value you saw added to this game, and it's really what kept this game relevant this long. While I understand and agree that some modders may want to cash in on their work, the current implementation of this is poorly done. The fact that it's been so poorly curated (we're already seeing junk mods for $99.99 being added) is fracturing the community. Modders are seeing their work ripped off and sold without their knowledge, and some mods require other mods to work. When mods like SkyUI go up behind paywalls (it already is becoming premium only) it's breaking several other mods which rely on SkyUI as a backbone. It's turning modders against modders and modders against gamers, and to top that all off, the modders who are putting out paid mods are making Valve and Bethesda rich for their own hard work. The current mess that the state of this game is in makes it not worth my recommendation. If the current paid mods fiasco was implemented in a way that makes any sense, I might reverse my rating.]Paid Mods = Dead Game.]I play this game constantly just because of all the mods I love to go and try out. But now with me having to pay for each, it ruins that factor and makes this game lose it's shine.]>Company makes half- game which only manages to be so successful due to cooperation and goodheartedness of modding community. >Company decides to then sell mods and withhold 70% or more of the profits despite doing absolutely no work. >Company disregards the crazily abundant number of legal, moral, and business issues that accompany this move. >Company disregards that attempts to do this in the past only resulted in large amounts of piracy. >Company paves the way for this to become an astronomically worse issue in a large number of ways. >Company proceeds to pocket what is essentially chump change to them in exchange for commiting cultural genocide. Seems reasonable.]Gread game ruined by the platform it's sold on. Putting mods behind a paywall is completely unacceptable, especially with the rampant theft of mods being uploaded by people other than their creators. Adding a donate button instead would be a much better option, for verified creators of mods, which would give an incentive for mod makers to work hard on making great mods, and to keep them updated. I would gladly donate $5.00 to a modder making something truly great.]This game is 5 years old, and they want us to pay for community created mods that have also been around for years? I'm never playing this game again. And honestly without mods, this game isnt worth buying today.]The modding community has been around for ages. I first got into it with Morrowind, and the community had been great ever since. The collective of us worked towards a common goal: to produce better mods and to push the skyrim engine to it's limits and beyond. Talented 3d model makers, texture makers, quest designers, story tellers, programmers and more came together to collectively share their work, free of charge. I even had someone compose a song for a mod of mine at one point! Paid mods shifts the focus to community driven to money driven. Now let's talk about it a little bit. Modders who put literally thousands of hours into their work for free probably deserve compensation for their work, but they didn't start with that in mind. Skyui comes to mind. The developer has decided to sell it on the workshop. I'm more or less ok with that due to the sheer amount of time and work put into it. However, now we are seeing  sword models for sale. Why would I pay for a sword that I could go into cinema 4d and design myself in a half hour or so? It's stupid. Until this system is changed I cannot recommend this game, damn it bethesda! Valve/bethesda are taking 75% of the profits for the work of modders. That is absurd.]What really made this game great was mods. After nearly 4 years and an expansive mod community, Skyrim was really great in the terms of value you saw added to this game, and it's really what kept this game relevant this long. While I understand and agree that some modders may want to cash in on their work, the current implementation of this is poorly done. The fact that it's been so poorly curated (we're already seeing junk mods for $99.99 being added) is fracturing the community. Modders are seeing their work ripped off and sold without their knowledge, and some mods require other mods to work. When mods like SkyUI go up behind paywalls (it already is becoming premium only) it's breaking several other mods which rely on SkyUI as a backbone. It's turning modders against modders and modders against gamers, and to top that all off, the modders who are putting out paid mods are making Valve and Bethesda rich for their own hard work. The current mess that the state of this game is in makes it not worth my recommendation. If the current paid mods fiasco was implemented in a way that makes any sense, I might reverse my rating.]Paid Mods = Dead Game.]I play this game constantly just because of all the mods I love to go and try out. But now with me having to pay for each, it ruins that factor and makes this game lose it's shine.]>Company makes half- game which only manages to be so successful due to cooperation and goodheartedness of modding community. >Company decides to then sell mods and withhold 70% or more of the profits despite doing absolutely no work. >Company disregards the crazily abundant number of legal, moral, and business issues that accompany this move. >Company disregards that attempts to do this in the past only resulted in large amounts of piracy. >Company paves the way for this to become an astronomically worse issue in a large number of ways. >Company proceeds to pocket what is essentially chump change to them in exchange for commiting cultural genocide. Seems reasonable.]Paid mods? No thanks.]The mod community has been a thriving section of gaming which has kept, not only Skyrim, but every Elder Scrolls game since Morrowind alive. With the introduction of paying for mods, I no longer support a positive outlook towards Valve, Bethesda, The Elder Scrolls, or Skyrim. Hopefully the substantial amount of negative reviews gets the point across.]It's no coincidence the game dropped to 75% off the same week they launched the Pay4Mods scheme. This negative review was mostly prompted by Valve's new Pay4Mods policy, and I'll tell you why... First, the sheer number of "enhancement" mods available on the marketplace goes to prove that Bethesda didn't put in the time or effort to make the graphics in this game as good as they could have been. Everything from water to landscaping is severly lacking, as there are mods which drastically improve it all (but none that do it all in a single mod). By having to now pay for these mods, we're basically paying a 3rd party to make improvements to a game. Improvements that should have been done by the developers either before launch or through patching. It's, quite frankly, a Pay-4-Patches scheme, when you think about it. Second, you'll find the world a bit sparse and lacking in quest structure. Again, this is proven by the sheer number of mods which add locations and mission content to the game. The main storyline of the game itself is fairly short if you skip the side-missions, and the side-missions you'll find usually just have to do with you being recruited into a guild of some kind. Imagination was really lacking here. You would think some guilds would want you to devote yourself to them, but nope. By the end of your trip through the main story you'll end up being a high ranking member of every guild imaginable, asuming you do the side-quests at all. This affects the game's realism quality, which of course can be repaired by adding a paid mod (or 50). Third, and probably the most important thing, is the lack of actual equipment content. This is a huge downfall by Bethesda, as shown by the absolutely insane amount of armor and weapon mods available for purchase on the marketplace. Without mods you'll find yourself wandering a world where it seems every enemy is carrying virtually the same weaponry. That said, everything from wooden armor to the Elder Scrolls famous Daedric Armor is available (for a price) in the marketplace. In addition, there is a plethera of non-Elder Scrolls related equipment also available through mods. What really hurts though is how much of the equipment mods are actually content that exists in the Skyrim realm. Equipment which Bethesda didn't include in the game and is now hidden behind a "pay wall". All in all I have to give a big NO to recommending Skyrim. It was a great game in it's day, no doubt there, but today all of the mod content you'll have to pay for to bring this game up to date just isn't worth the price tag you'll have to pay. Just to give you an example, to make my game very enjoyable I've had to install a total of 67 mods, although from what I hear that's an extremely low number on average. Without those mods I might as well skip buying this game on Steam and get it on a console. After this many years I can probably pick up the 360 version in a pawn shop for a couple bucks. There really is NO reason to buy the PC version anymore, expecially through Steam. The Pay4Mod scheme has ruined the PC experience of this game as much as the Pay2Win scheme ruined online games. While the (free) modding community thrived the PC version was well worth the $21 price tag, but in order to "fix" the game today using the Pay4Mods scheme it'll cost you well over twice that price. Even with the game right now at 75% off, it's not worth owning it on PC. Skyrim had it's day in the sun, and sadly greed has now caused that sun to set. It's a dark day for gamers.]PAID FOR MODS?! NO LINUX VERSION After the failure of Elder Scrolls online Bethesda and Valve have teamed up on destroying one of the best games ever made. By taking mods created with talent and love to share with others and monetizing it. Bang up job you potatoes.]Paying for mods now ? Next they will start charing for chat ,and save games .]I had already thought this game was bland before mods. Now that they're milking every lost drop from gamers I cannot recommend purchasing this game.]paid mods? no thank you]payed mods.]Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, which is why I was horrified when I saw that they added paid mods to it. The reason for my displeasure is that Skyrim is a game whose longevity is significantly enhanced by mods, and adding paid mods is completely unacceptable and frankly has the potential to cause untold destruction within the modding community. In short I cannot support a game that is being crippled by such a blatant cash grab on the part of Valve and Bethesda.]Used to be the symbol of pc gaming superiority. Now Valve and Bethesda have ruined it with paid mods. Such a horrible idea for so many reasons. Screw you Valve and Bethesda]Terrible shame about the paid mods.]I won't rant for long about this, better words have been spoken about the same thing by others. But really, I had to chime in on this. I love this game. Look at my damn hours played. I've sunk the equivalent of mastering a foreign language into exploring Tamriel. And you know why I've played that long? Mods. Mods add sooooo much to a game like this, let you do just about anything - enhance your specific playstyle, explore new areas, new quests, or just look like a badass with new armour and weapons. But you know what I won't do? Pay for them. Would I be willing to donate to some of the more prolific or skilled modders? Absolutely. I use nd enjoy their mods on a regular basis, I'd love to support them. But nothing good comes of taking away the ability to choose. Making an entire selection of mods inaccessible except by payment defeats the purpose of mods themselves. Would it have been so much work to add a simple "donate" button? Would that have killed you, Valve? Sigh. You get the point.]I hope to one day see a North American Grizzly Bear and an African Silverback Gorilla fight to the death in a cage match. Paid Mods are a terrible idea.]You tried to start paid mods, that meme was nasty.]Paid mods? No thank you EA.]Paying for mods is worse than paying for sex.]Skyrim is a game that needs mods to survive, but with the new paid mod system introduced by Valve its not worth it.]played this game modded to hell...half the mods i loved, some of which i donated to the creators are now paid mods...taking the industry in the worst way possible.]This game is like many Bethesda games: Huge, expansive, acceptable visually, and chock-full of bugs To get rid of the bugs, you need mods (the "Unofficial Skyrim Patch" serie, to name them) To get it to the graphical standart of today, you need mods Can't do that if you need to pay for the mods]After valve swooped in and tore the mod community apart, I cannot recommend BUYING this game. By all means play it though.]Edit: Value has currently reversed paid mods... For now. This game is currently supporting the questionable pratice of placing mods behind a paywall and stiffling the community. As many mods interlink peoples content is being stolen and used without permission for the sake of greed and aggressive content control. Avoid.]pay for mods turning freemans work into DLC and taking the lions share of 75% nice one valve the paywall has been removed but i will leave this review as a reminder so that steam thinks twice before trying this again]By putting mods for sale, Bethesda is aiming to destroy a community built in years of efforts and made of common interests, shared passion and a little bit of criticism for their scarce coding skills. Their corporate greed has surpassed even EA by hurting one of the major points of PC gaming, and thanks to them everyone who loved customizing their game will now be put in front of a huge paywall. They don't care about copyright or ownership issues (mods are usually built using other mods as a base), they don't care about a united community of fans, they just want to put their hands on something they have no right to take advantage of. I will never buy another Bethesda game, from now on, and I suggest you to do so.]Don't buy with the current modding  by valve]First horse armor then paid mods? eat a bag of penasia bethesda]EDIT: Valve has taken down their paid mods. I still wouldn't trust them for quite a while. If you do want a BIG game with a much more interesting story I'd recommend Morrowind with MSGO and something in the way of a hit mod. I am sad to say this, but I'd never recommend this game now that the Valve has decided to force people to pay for mods, I do support modders being able to get paid for them, but the customer experience of this would make this a horrible idea! for one would prefer it be optional and if it is bought and stops working either refund the money or credit that money to the account.]Paid For Mods. Negative Review. A very good comment was made and it shall apply here. "My review is staying [negative] because you tried, Bethesda, not because you got away with it or not." Valve are advertising "Paid Mods" as a benefit for the creators, but Modders are actually losing out. Mods which are dependent on other mods will find themselves becoming defunct / unusable. Modders which use software to create custom models etc will have Licensing issues & legal issues. Valve + Bethesda claim 75% of the cited Paid Mod cost. That leaves 25% to be divided between the people who created the mod. For larger mods like Falskaar which has 12 people working on it. So for example if Falskaar was 'sold' for 10, only 2.50 would go to the Falskaar team, each member getting 20p for each sale. Then here the kick in the teeth, NO ONE on the Falskaar team will see a penny until they earn 400 minimum. Paying for mods only promotes Single Man creations that are as small and effortless as possible.]This review can be purchased on the Steam Workshop for as low as $3.99!]AHAHAHAHA! 20 QUID!? FOR A MOD PACK!? 20 POUNDS. OF REAL ACTUAL MONEY. NOT MONOPOLY MONEY. NOT IN GAME MONEY. 20 QUID. 20 POUNDS. FOR A PACK OF MODS. AAHAHHAHAHAHA hahahaa ahaha aaahhh... Valve is dead. Abandon ship. UPDATE: Yeah. They've gotten rid of it now. This review will remain as a testament to the day Valve died for good, after a long struggle with "trying to be worse than EA" syndrome.]Between paid mods and ESO, Beth's just going to end up joining the club of Triple-A cash cows who turn a blind eye to the complaints of the community. I think EA and Ubi saved them a seat. I myself am a small modmaker, and I can promise, you'll never catch me trying to profit off my creations. EDIT: Paid mods are thankfully gone, but Valve plans to reintroduce them again after they "refine" them a bit more. Unless their new system works, this review isn't changing.]Congratulations Valve, Skyrim got a negative review. If you would like a better review, please select from one of these Mod Packs: 1. Good Review Mod Super Fun ($8.99) 2. Valve Why Would You Do This ($12.99) 3. This Was A Terrible Mistake ($19.99) 4. NEW GOOD RING OF CHEATING GODMODE FUN ($124.99)]I don't have many hours logged with this game for the simple fact that I bought it and never found the time. Then the paid mods came out and now I'm going to delete this all together. Valve knows we don't like this idea of paid mods yet they keep trying to shove it down our throats until we just surrender. NO WAY!]It once was an awesome game that you could mod to infinity but I would NOT recommend it to anyone as of right now where you have to pay for mods. The game itself is only really fun once you have the expansions and even then you blow through the content pretty fast. Mods were the lifeblood of this game and now it's behind a paywall. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME]i dont like it especially the field of view is like 50 and withdrawn sucks  especially the movement of the controls um graphics are really good i'd hav 2 say this game would b mean't for nerds.]Save the mods. Don't support paid mods!]The game itself is great. The idea of paying for mods that used to be free and modders only getting 25% is awful. It's a business decision that will stifle innovation and open up Valve and Bethesda to loads of legal troubles.]Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is. That's why I'm copypasta-ing all over to  this up. Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you serious. This is beyond necessity. You took a clean thing and you made it worse. People are still buying Skyrim, many of whom would download mods. Look at the devastating negative publicity. You are going to lose more money than you will earn. Even if you do fix this, than the community will forever shun your raunchy behavior. Fix it now and stem the bleeding. . You aren't even reading these reviews. No one is.Valve please. Are you]You have to buy mods now Which is just Greedy]Its a great game, but the modding community isn't friendly anymore since bethesda has become money hungry. only 25% of money spent on mods goes to the mod creator, which isn't jack  since bethesda doesn't have to do anything but rake the money in.]Valve takes 75% of the money for a mod that somebody else made. Don't buy this game or its mods until they fix this atrocity.]You have ruined what was once a magical thing Gaben. Two thumbs down The greed is real boys]Paid mods are]Paid mods is a terrible idea. 1) People are stealing mods from elsewhere and posting them for a price. 2) Mods have no quality control and often interfere with other mods, they shouldn't ever be sold directly without any QA 3) If you insist on making paid mods you should select certain free mods to go through extra development and quality assurance. Only then should they be offered for a price. The system as is will cause a lot of problems and ruin the current mod community for Skyrim. You are totally ripping mod makers off with the insane cut both Steam and Bethesda are taking. The huge selection of good free mods used to be a huge part of this game. Now many will get taken down and put up for sale. I can't reccomend this game anymore.]Paid Mods are BS sign the petition against this S***!!]Recent developments had led me to not recommend this game. The world of Skyrim used to be open and free to explore. We had HEROES who developed new content for the game because they loved it ; not to make a profit. When I bought this game, I paid the creator of the content. When I found mods that I loved I donated. This relationship was healthy. I miss those times.]Skyrim - 7/10 Skyrim with mods - 10/10 Skyrim after I have to uninstall mods I can no longer afford - 0/10]When two super Jews, Bethesda and Valve, unite they bring you the premier money laundering scheme of the milenia. Truly the epitome of how devs feel towards their communities in this current gaming world.]When two super Jews, Bethesda and Valve, unite they bring you the premier money laundering scheme of the milenia. Truly the epitome of how devs feel towards their communities in this current gaming world.]I'm not the hero you need but maybe I'm the hero you deserve, this game is le bad, le mods cost $$$$$$?????? gabe is le troll, in closing to the window to the ball, till the sweat drip down my balls, that is all.]paid mods occured. no.]great game not so great paid mods]Its good!]You want me to pay for mods now? Please, from the bottom of my heart... GO  YOURSELF! That includes Bethesda, Valve and the modders that are partaking in this despicable . I will happily and openly pirate your content from now on.]in the second part of bethesdas epic oblivion series, we join the dragonbored as he experiences deja vu. "didn't i just play this game", "isn't this the same combat system as before", and "didn't i just speak to that guy" are some of the 3 questions you'll ask yourself as you play. in an unprecedented move of content creator support, valve now allows us to fork over our shekels in exchange for the mass of reskins that the excellent modding community spews out on a daily basis. for just 80 great british pence, you too can imagine what your sword would look like if it was green. we give it eight-venturer out of ten-knee]This game supports paid mods, and I don't.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]I recently bought this game for the mods, went on vacation, came back, I have to pay for  that was once free? You were the chosen one GabeN you were supposed to destroy industries like EA not become like them!]Paying for mods??? What is this EA?]This negative review is prompted by Valve's new practice of selling mods and passing it off as a courtesy to the mod creators, all the while taking the lion's share of the profits. Want to really support mod creators? Remove this atrocity of a paywall and add way of donating to the authors directly.]paid mods are really gay]OY VEY, PAY ME MONEY FOR OTHER PEOPLES' WORK! TIME TO DESTROY THE MODDING COMMUNITY AND OUR REPUTATION FOR A QUICK BUCK! Oh , the Nexus exists, better plot its death.]OY VEY, PAY ME MONEY FOR OTHER PEOPLES' WORK! TIME TO DESTROY THE MODDING COMMUNITY AND OUR REPUTATION FOR A QUICK BUCK! Oh , the Nexus exists, better plot its death.]The game itself is mediocre at best. Shallow, monotonous, boring. Mods are what made it so popular. The recent change is going to kill it. I'm not recommending this game. You're much better of to go and play Morrowind or Oblivion instead. They will probably be affected but this "paid mods" mess too but to much lesser extent anyway.]Paying for mods is a disgrace.]Paid Mods. Need I say anymore. Well I will anyway, the introduction of paid mods will be the downfall of steam, and the soon enough the downfall of the gaming industry as a whole. All eyes are on you bethesda, if you don't back down then other companies will begin to introduce paid mods, and begin the downfall of the gaming industry. Everyone makes mistakes, there is still time to undo what you have done.]Unlock the Positive Review mod for 4.99!]Paid mods. Nope.]Paid for mods goes against the entire 20+ year spirit of pc gaming that has been built up. This is bad for everyone and only helps to line Bethesda and Valve's pockets even more so.]I used to like Bethesda but if this is how they are going to go foward then I'm done buying their games. This is some EA levels of greed. Paid mods are bad in every possible way.]FATAL ERROR!! Pay for mods! Not fool enough to support how greed both company: Valve & Bethesda. www.change.org]Boo for payed mods]Be ready to pay even more money for all the extras (paid mods)]Supports paid mods, I do not]Congratulations, you've managed to  off an entire community and  up a fantastic game with your greedy .]more then half of my mods are gone im done with this game]They are selling mods....]Microtransactions make everyyyyyyything better! (Get more comments like this, only $4.99 a piece!!)]Base? 6/10 Mods? 9/10 Paid Mods? 0/10]Don't mind me, just part of the hivemind.]Show your support to keep PC modding free.]down with GabeN]Really disappointed with the way paid mods have been added. Might be stupid to publish a negative review for a game I have enjoyed for years, but this is setting a bad precedent. This has the potential to ruin a great mod community, there are many mods I have used for awhile now that are suddenly over $4 CDN. I hope major changes are made and rethought about this new practice. Seems like a good time for GoG to release a client seems like valve maybe needs some competition.]Paying for user-generated content is for console gamers. Paying for user-generated content based on non-commercially licensed software is flatly illegal.]Paid mods are absolutely unacceptable. For every dollar you "pay" the developer only received 25 cents and the rest go to Bethesda and Valve.]PAID MODS?!?! I'm out. I saw what you did there valve. Now nexus mods alongside some of my favorite mods are being sold.]Paid mods is a problem that needs to be remedied.]Refuse to suport a Game with Paid mods]Paid mods? NO STARS!]o]Combat isnt very good. Also i'd rather play a game that doesn't make you pay for mods.]I always wished Bethesda and Valve my two favorite game companies could  me in the ! With something they didn't even create! 75% glutenfree]What can be said that hasn't been repeated ad nauseum? The game itself is fantastic it's just a shame Valve and Bethesda chose this 4 year old game as its guinea pig and subsequently the communities target for it's distaste in what has become one of the biggest PC gaming controversy in recent years.]Payed mods are a detriment to PC Gaming. Bethesda and Valve, stop.]Dear all paid mods ......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../ .............//'...'/` ........../'/.../..../......./\ ........('(.......... ~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _. ............\..............(]Unfortunately, if buying this game means supporting paid mods then it's just not worth it in the long run. It's just too destructive for the community. Daggerfall and Morrowind are both better games anyway.]paying for mods is ok. But giving the creator only 25% ?  it]Paid modding is the single most  concept right after making a game about E.T the movie.]This game has such dull combat system and quests. But it has huge interesing map and it looks pretty, and if it doesn't you can mod it as long you don't have to pay for that...]this paid mod . I'm more than done with this game.]Paid mods. Thanks, stEAm.]I couldn't feel more disgusted with they way Steam and Bethesda have handled modding with this now. I hope you take joy in the desecration of community modding because valve and Bethesda don't have enough billions yet.]Don't get me wrong skyrim itself is a great game and will give you hours of fun But as a lot of others say the game is trying to make you pay for comunnity made mods and even if you would be stupit enough to buy it. 75% goes to steam and the developer you are not even supporting the creator A great sulution the community came up with was the donation button no forced pay for the content but your able to support the creator Like many other community brothers will tell you dont support this kind of moneygrabbing!!!]So uhh... Game was mediocre already. Not too bad, but got boring fast, especially the music was bad. But now they are SELLING mods. PCMasterRace wins again, I guess Edit: They stopped selling mods. But hey, without mods game is not worth it, and with mods it's so-so. Still not recommended]The game that made me try out Steam, and made me stop using Steam. Well done Valve!]Down voting because mods]Selling mods! Gaben has officially turned .]i love this game i have over 100 hours in it and i killed my wife in it, killed our dog and burned down my house i built by hand, you all should buy this game! ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^]12/11 - Just had a huge amount of DLC released, making it even better. And most of the DLC is dirt cheap! $.25 for a sword!? Hell yeah! Love the direction Steam is taking with workshop.]The game has always been a walking simulator that has a quick t ravel option, but now its directly anti-consumer.]We trusted you...]Yeah lets pay for mods. Good call Bethesda and Valve.]Used to be amazing. Now the platform for paid mods. Do not recommend.]10/10 with mods, 0/10 with paid mods]Because paying for DLC wasn't quite enough already, now paying for community created mods is a must, great job. Go take a big tv remote control and shove it up your  Gaben & co. Skyrim Vanilla 1st time: 6/10 Skyrim with mods: 10/10 Skyrim after purchasable mods: 1/10 - Never going back to vanilla after use of mods therefor R.I.P.]open world capitalism simulator]This comment is hidden behind a paywall, please transfer 4.99$ to Gabe Newell and Bethesda to unlock the content.]As much as I hate jumping on bandwagons, what made this game so great that I kept coming back for more than 1600 hours was the mods. Without it, it's bland and not very interesting, with an awful story, uninspired gameplay and tons of unfixed bugs. Still a decent game if you like exploration, but that's really all that game has going for it. And now Bethesda moves to a new business model, making people pay for mods, with potentially future games allowing only paid mods, which means we'll have to pay for bugfixes and additions to the games, without any guarantee that it will work or any accountability from the developers for these paid features developed by amateurs. Therefore, I can't recommand this game or any future Bethesda game anymore, at least until we see how the future games are handled in that aspect. It was fun while it lasted. Farewell for now Bethesda. Edit: well, looks like all that agitation had a result, Valve and Bethesda backpedaled and paid mods are gone. It will take a bit of time for trust to rebuild though, so in the meantime my review stays negative. No need to change it if Bethesda tries another boneheaded move tomorrow or the next month. Edit 2: lol, a bunch of idiotic fanboys went through all my reviews and downvoted them all to avenge their beloved Skyrim. "This guy made a negative review of Skyrim for reasons we don't agree with, let's downvote all his positive reviews for games that have nothing to do with Skyrim." And by doing so they did exactly what they were blaming me of doing, only for 9 games instead of 1. The irony and stupidity of that move is hilarious.]I'm sorry, but the paid mods thing have completely ruined a community that has been going super for the last 10 years.]An interesting and engaging game that contains numerous hours of gameplay time, though it can get a bit repetitive. Unfortunately is suffers from a great many simplifications compared to the older games in this series, such as Morrowind. There is a large difference in the quality of procedurally generated content and handmade content, so I would advise people to focus on what they like and not to worry about passing up quests. Unfortunately the main selling point, mods, has recently taken a huge hit, leading me to be unable to recommend this game.]Paid mods are simply not acceptable. Period. Put in a donate button. I used to love this game, but I have very quickly grown to despise its developers and steam.]This is my Skyrim. There are many like it, but this one is mine. My Skyrim is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. My Skyrim, without mods, is useless. Without my Skyrim, mods are useless. I must play my Skyrim true. I must play my Skyrim straighter than Valve who is trying to destroy it. I must shoot him before he shoots me. I will... My Skyrim and I know that what counts in war is not the vanilla games we play, the noise of our corrupted modders, nor the money Valve makes. We know that it is the mods that count. We will mod... My Skyrim is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel. I will keep my Skyrim clean and ready, even as I am clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will... Before False Prophet, I swear this creed. My Skyrim and I are the defenders of my kind, gamers. We are the masters of our enemy. We are the saviors of gaming. So be it, until victory is gamers' and there is no paywalls, but peace!]If you need to pay for mods, skip it. Without mods it's just blah.]boring. oblivion is muck better. all the mission are the same: talk kill repeat]Bethesda is the driving force behind the monetized steam workshop that is going to be the final nail in the coffin of PC modding, do not support a company that wants to strangle their player base for every ent they can.]Paid mods? "The future is so bright i don't need my eyes too see it"]FIrst game to introduce DLC contents and steal from content creators. I would not recommenc this game.]Due to steams practices of selling mods other than creating a button for donating i must give this a negative review in protest.]Paid mods. Wow. Just wow. Who in the world thought that was a good idea. Add a donate option as apposed to selling the mod and taking all the profit. The only reason I bought this game on the computer is so that I could mod the living crap out of it. Shame on you Valve and Bethesda.]Avoid like the plague, this is now a DLC simulator hiding behind the mask of a way to help content creators when they barely get any of the profit.]Less content than either Morrowind or Oblivion. You used to be able to increase content with mods, but now they've nickled and dimed that away.]"oh look a new dlc for Skyrim! oh wait, wtf is that?" -Me about the paid mods]I love skyrim because it is the best RPG up to date but I will not support the new pay to mod pratice. I won't be part of the group destroying the gaming community would you be part of it?]I rly love this game its so amazing in different ways and even more fun with the mods made by the skyrim community. Well that was the past, now the developers want to make money by made mods that you must pay for it. Seriously guys this is ******* *t why the hell someone want to pay for a game that they already bought thats for a single player only game. And they get 75% for every buying, thats not even fair trade jeez. Gj guys you ruined the modding community.]Really? Turning free mods - free since every TES game - into a corporate cashgrab? If it was a donate function, there would be zero issues because the creators deserve it. But buyable mods? And only 25% of the cash goes to the pocket of the creator? And in STEAM CASH? :D Incredible.]Mods now behind a paywall.]Support workshop creators or support your greediness?]Skyrim will go down in history books as "That game that killed modding despite it being the only thing keeping it afloat". RIP PC gaming, you had a good run.]After playing many MANY hours of this game, I come to find out that they are charged for paid mods, the LIFEBLOOD of the game was free modding. I took this game off my favorites and uninstalled it, it's a damn shame. Donate button should have been given instead of what they have today. They had a great community like a week ago, now they split it in two just like that.]paid mods now, huh. what a disgrace]Bethesda and Valve are most likely testing this new mod pay system so they can implement it into Fallout 4 with little resistance. Ask yourself why they would do this with a game that has been out for so long, because by the time Fallout 4 comes out they assume the internet will have moved onto the next big thing to complain about. They now have a system in place where they can continue to make money off of the modding community while not investing any extra work or money. Valve and Bethesda share equal responsibility for this cash grab of greed. If Valve and Bethesda wanted to make sure the modders were able to ask for money a simple donation would work, but with that system Valve and Bethesda are unable to take a cut of the profits. This also leads to support, if I buy a product I expect a certain a mount of compatibility/support what guarantees does Valve and Bethesda give me? Is there a review process for the mods to insure compatibility? What about future updates/patches/DLC that could render mods useless. Does Bethesda or Valve guaranteed those will always work in the future? Lastly, I'd like to a quote and reply from Gabe Newell's QA on Reddit yesterday: - Originally posted by GabeNewellBellevue : "Actually money is how the community steers work." - Originally posted by one_long_year : "Funny, the community successfully steered modding work in Elder Scrolls for about ten f***ng years with nothing but goodwill and thanks, before you guys got involved." Quick review of the game - Pretty boring without mods and customization, too easy, and not much variety in spells and fighting.]mods behind a paywall. Didnt think valve would go the way of EA..sad day]paying for mods just ruined this game for me.]Paid mods ruined this game for me.]Downvoting because of paid for mods - Bethesda is trying to make money off other peoples hard work! I recommend nobody support companies who try to profit from this!]This game was great it still is But now since mods are for "sale" it has become very annoying and I would not recommend this for the mods unless they become free.]With mods, 10/10, without mods 8,5/10, with payed mods 0/10.]Sets a horrible precident for terrible paywalls.]Paid mods is going to be the new gaming culture cancer, and it was all started here.]Putting community content behind a paywall and treating modders like slaves isn't how you treat your community. I've loved valve for years, but this is . Get ed, gabe. Fix this.]Nope]Paid mods - It sold its soul.]They release an unfinished game and expect mods to fix the problems. But now they are even charging for Mods! you have to buy the game and 3rd party DLC just to make the game playable.]Bethesda, I am disappoint.]Was a great game, but then paid mods came out. Nuff said]I used to mod games like you, but then I took a paywall to the knee.]Was a solid 5 before the paid mods, but now Valve's greed has hidden a lot of quality content for this mediocre game behind a paywall. I cannot recommend this game because without mods, it's a mediocre borefest. Don't buy it.]Skyrim is a pretty good game concept, but requires a lot of mods to both fix issues and improve game play. Now that Steam is actively putting mods behind paywall, I really cannot recommend this game anymore.]mods that aren't free]Was a great game, singlehandedly ruined with the introduction of legally questionable paywalls for fan-made mods. Many modders have pulled their works from public as others began to steal them to turn a profit on steam, and most of the money made from it goes to Bethesda/Steam rather than the creator themselves. A shameless and blatant display of greed that is beginning to tear apart the modding community and pushing away people who genuinely liked and wanted to make this game more fun.]Simply put: http://web.archive.org/web/20150426143713/http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimmods/comments/33qcaj/the_experiment_has_failed_my_exit_from_the/]Paid mods and stuff?]I'm just here for the mob mentality.]the game was okay a few years ago and is kept interesting with mods... to bad those are not free anymore.]1. It is changing a system that has been working fine. Modders aren't an oppressed class working without benefit. Modders choose to work on mods for many reasons: fun, practice, boredom, the joy of creating something. And gamers appreciate their contributions. While, some gamers may feel entitled most understand that if a modder is unable to continue the mod may be abandoned. Donations may or may not help but they are an option. This system has for years made PC gaming what it is. Modding in my opinion is the primary benefit of PC gaming over console. Changing a functional system is dangerous and could have unintended consequences. 2. Now that people are paying for mods they will feel entitled for these mods to continue working. If a free mod breaks and isn't supported that is fine because there is no obligation for it to continue working. If someone pays though they will expect the mod to be updated and continue working as the base game is updated. Furthermore, abandoned but popular mods are often revived by other people; if these mods are paid then the original creator may not want people to profit off of updated versions of their mod. 3. Related to the above paid mods may reduce cooperative modding. Many mods will borrow elements from other mods; usually with permission. Having paid mods will complicate things. Someone who makes a paid mod will be unlikely to share his/her work with others. What if someone freely share's his/her mod and someone incorporates it into a paid mod? Does the first mod's owner deserve compensation, does the second modder deserve the full revenue. This makes modding more politically complicated and may reduce cooperation. 4. This may reduce mods based off of copyrighted works. There is a very good chance that any paid mod based off of a copyrighted work will be shutdown. Modders could still release free mods of this nature but it complicates the issue. Many mods based on copyrighted materials borrow (usually with permission) from other mods to add improvements. If these other mods are paid then the original creators likely won't let them use it. Additional many modders may now ignore copyrighted mods in order to make mods that they may profit on. 5. Steam/the developer are taking an unfairly large portion of the profit. Steam and the Developers are offering nothing new to the situation. Steam is already hosting the mods and the developer already made the game. They now wish to take 75% of all profit from the mod. If the market gets flooded by low-quality paid mods, the modders will likely make very little and the quality of the game will not be increased. However, Steam and the Developers will make money off of no work on there part. Until all mods are free again I will no longer support either company. Please reconsider.]Having to pay for mods will ruin the community that made this game so great and unique.]It will be a cold day in oblivion before I pay for a mod..]P4m - terrible idea, ruined what Skyrim had going for it - mods.]Negative until paid mods are gone. Ridiculous that Bethesda agreed to this.]The entire game is based around the idea that you are special. Everything is very easy, to the point where you could mindlessly aim at a creature, click your mouse buttons, and win the game. You are powerful in a world that is made for you, and can't really challenge you. If you change the difficulty slider, you are basically making the game unplayable as creatures will take forever to kill, but kill you in short order. This does not make it interesting, it is boring. The world feels empty, and does not offer much at all. As a huge fan of Morrowind, for me this game is a huge disappointment. Because this game is such a disappointment, I tried using over 100 mods to fix the many problems I have with it. The fact that other players made mods to fix these problems proves that I am not alone in feeling that this game is inadequate. I appreciate all the hard work modders put into this game, but Bethesda and Valve do not deserve to be paid for someone else's hobby.]Stock Skyrim: 7/10 Modded Skyrim: 11/10 Paid Modded Skyrim: 0/10 Won't be buying another Bethesda game any time soon.]This is . Why do I have to pay for mods just to use them? Why do I have to pay a dollar just to try out a poorly made sword skin? What if the mod looks like crap or is poorly made and crashes the game? How would I get my money back? If it is there to support modders, then why does Valve get 75% of the cut while the modders get 25%? Wouldn't a donation button work better? Valve and Bethesda are just a bunch of greedy s.]I like skyrim, but getting in on this mod fiasco by downvoting since there's not really a better way to punish this whole paid mods thing.]Down voting cause of the paid mod support. Would gladly change to positive review if no such thing was involved.]Ive been playing Skyrim since i first got it back on November 11th, 2011 for the Playstation 3. I immediately fell in love with it and when i got it on PC (although i havent played it a lot) I loved modding as ive done with Fallout and other games in the past, mods just made the game better, but if theres one thing to say, SAY NO TO PAID MODS.]Half- game that needs mods (sole saving grace) in order to be playable, thats to begin with. And now, if you want those mods, you will have to pay for them?]I'm just here to dislike a great game because everyone else is doing it.]Don't support this cancerous game developer.]Don't support Bethesda until they remove paid mods. Skyrim is a great game, and the modding community has let it live this long. Hundreds of hours of content has been made by mods, but it goes against modding to put them past a paywall.]Shame on Bethesda for trying to greed the  out of the modding community. Shame on Valve for agreeing to this . Modders fixed your broken game, now you try and give them 25% of their efforts. Profiting from your own bloody laziness, and in doing so ruin the entire ecosystem that PC gaming was built on. I hope this bites both companies in the .]Looks like valve found their new cash crop, by taking the hard work from the vibrant modding community that has flourished for nearly 4 years without "outside" intervention, and then decide it's their right to make money off of it! Putting mods behind a paywall is the worst choice this company has made, and reflects poorly on bethesda for allowing it to be done to their game. Let's see what their grubby little hands can get a hold of next.]PAID MOTHER ING MODS Game is Amazing Would Buy]Paid mods where the modders get 25% yay!]This game was great when I could afford to mod it, I don't think I'm going to go back and play it again with 300 mods at 99p+ each though :D]Congrats on the master strategy of destroying the modding community so you can sell your 30 tons of DLC that you'll have planned the next game Go fu-ck yourself. both Zenimax and Valve]I love this game. However paid mods ruined it. screw you valve/bethesda, i thought you were better than this.]For the cause.]Payed modding? I don't think so....]This game was almost a masterpiece when it came out - a vast world full of quests, places to see, people worth talking to. It was a beautiful stone, a true gem which was a bit rough around the edges but people enjoyed it. And then came the mods. They polished all that needed polishing, made a game that was so great to many as to be called a true masterpiece. Up to this day, there are always more than 30.000 people playing it almost constantly (74k when I'm writing this) and it's not just because the game is great - it's because the mods made this game close to perfect. Change whatever you want, however you want and share it with fellow gamers. This is what gave the game a 93% approval rating from gamers across Steam platform. That's how it used to be... Now? We see a peculiar system where mods get a "pay what you want" price tag, and you don't really know what you're paying for since you can download those paid mods AFTER you buy it. We are already getting mods that say they are a "work in progress" and "more content will be done when it's ready", one mod taken down for using content made by another modder without the approval (even though the borrower of content says he was told from Steam people it's ok as he's using free content...), and this is just the start of what we'll get in the near future. We are seeing the modding communities already being shattered because of how absurd this "paid mods" idea is. Mods are becoming nothing more than DLCs, only made by external subcontractors instead of the developer, and the latter taking zero responsibility of the end products. The industry will surely benefit from this, maybe some modders as well, but we gamers will loose in the long run. Is Skyrim a bad game because of this? No - it's a great game (8/10 for vanilla, 10/10 with my favorite mods), and will remain such regardless of what will happen. This negative review is to show my disapproval for the above mentioned practices, and those were introduced by no other than Bethesda (series owner) and Valve (Steam owner). And unlike what other people who write negative reviews because of this claim, mine will remain negative regardless of what happens to the "paid mods" idea. As a boundary marker, as we have crossed one and it seems there will be no turning back. To sum it up: Skyrim - 8/10 Skyrim modded to one's liking - 10/10 Paid mods de facto DLC - a fat 0/10]The game is actually pretty bad. It gets a good with mods but those are going to cost money. Would not recommend. 6/10]This game is made legendary by mods. It's not Bethesda who should be profiting from them.]Paid mods, just add a ing donate button to the mod maker. Why would bethesda get ing 75% either?? way too much]would love if my pc could run this without PAINFUL lag great game though ten outta ten except for ing payed mods, thats just horse]Pay for mods isn't really inline with the how I feel 3rd party gaming mods should be distributed.]Paying for mods is .]Shame on Valve and Bethesda]Gaben why hast thou forsaken me]Microtransactions that cost more than a AAA game are a terrible choice and consumers will never be receptive to this. Producers of content in mods should implement a donation button at their own page, or they can not charge at all.]Paid mods are BS.]Paid mods =  move.]wow pay to play]Something about money and reddit]Used to be really cool because of its modding community. But thats gone now.]Paid mods and only 25% of the money goes to the 'developers' (a lot of these are stolen). Screw that noise.]Paid mods are not mods. They're DLC.]ZeniMax, I am dissapoint. You shoulda known this was gonan go bad, and that Valve was feeding you honeyed words.]Why cnt i play it! i hav e it in my libary! i got it for free before!]buys game for 5 bucks for game, pays 20 on mod. 10/10 ps. really gabe, really?]No paid mods.]Paid Mods will be the downfall of this game and the gaming community. Do not stand for this nonsense!]Game is pretty bad without the mods, which are free of course.. except on steam and steam takes 75% of the sales. They also have to meet a minimum number of sales or they keep 100%.]It was great until they added paid mods to fix their own problems.]Letting steam and Bethesda charge 75% on what should be modder's money, is beyond ridiculous. Modders deserve money for their mods but what's the point when so much is being taken by valve and Bethesda? Boycott this.]Don't buy this. A dumbed down game driven by extremely questionable business ethics. Even without the controversy, Morrowind is the better Elder Scrolls game in just about every way, but Bethesda and Valve have dug the grave deeper with their greed. If you want a modern fantasy RPG, buy Dragon Age: Inquisition or The Witcher 3, and preferably not through Steam.]I disagree with paid mods, some of the mods cost more than the game itself... Plus the quality of the mods are lacking.]NOT PAYING FOR THIRD PARTY DLC.Thanks But No Thanks.]add a donation option for the mods]Donations would be fine, but just plain charging for mod's is just bad business!]I will never recommend this game while there are paid mods in the Steam Workshop.]While I understand trying to help modders (and yourselves) to get money out of things that (some) work very hard on. There is no way I can support going from mods being free for a very long time too putting them behind a paywall.]I can't support this game as long as Bethesda works with Valve with their pay-for-mod system which will destroy the modding community.]How to ruin your public image 101]Valve Really paid mods? come on get a grip of yourself]This is the game that ruined modding for everyone.]paying for mods is dumb as hell]Ok so id like to point out that this game is amazing, the storyline, the quests (and sidequests), the land available even without any dlc will have you hooked for hours. Then the dlc come which are exceedingly good and worth every penny.... Then it comes to the bad... Mods (Well paid mods) the mods themselves are amazing, getting chased by the trololol troll while riding flutter from my little pony is something that never gets old. However paying 5 for a mod on a 7 game is an absolute joke, there are many other ways around this which im not allowed to Nexus *ahem* talk about. If you dont own this, get it, but do not for the love of god pay for any mods, the devs have always done ths out of the kindness of their heart and have always said you can donate to them. Great game 10/10 would take an arrow to the kneww for. whereas screw paid mods.]Remove paid mods and the game is perfect, until then I cannot support this game.]Hitting the dislike for Bethesda's attitude toward the Modding community. They have been perfectly comfortable letting modders fix hundreds of still present bugs, Improve their graphics and textures and let them develop new content. That was fine, but now they are planning to steal this to improve their own bottom line. Its Immoral.]Forcing payment for mods.]if only mods were free :(]Same as everyone else. Make it a donate option and call it a day.]*Insert mad about selling mods rant*]Negative review in support of the removal of the paid mods system.]Great game. Loved it for years. Community holds it together with mods. And then Steam gets a little too greedy and wants to charge money for previously free, player made mods...]I love this game and have spent more time modding the game than actually playing it but paid mods are a big no for the whole PC community due to mods being more like personal projects in which thousand of hours have been spent individually for each mod just for the sake of improving the game and adding more content where you can spend extra hours (or your whole life) into, because the immersion is where this game excels at, and traditionally, mods have been released exclusively for free and of course, many modders deserve to be compensated for their hard work but Valve executed a really bad plan just to address this unnecessary issue where putting a donation button could have been a simpler solution. The game itself is good even without mods but i do not endorse the monetization of mods by any means nor does anyone else on the whole community.]Greedy little pigs]Just reviewing to voice my concern regarding paid mods.]Even though I got this game for free, the person who bought gave their money to creedy corporations. At least you're not thinking of making an Elder Scrolls X: Modern Combat 2]It is very sad to see a good game being ruined by the greed of corporations. Valve and Bethesda are now charging money for mods with the mod creator getting only 25% of the cut. This goes against the very nature of mods and can cause alot of issues. Many of the modders may stop supporting the paid mods, and players will be left with a paid digital paperweight. There is also the issue of people stealing mods from other sources and claiming that its theirs in order to earn easy money. We all know that money sours relationships, and it only took Valve a couple of days to destroy Skyrim's modding community. Many of the mods were removed, and many modders have packed their bags and left the Skyrim modding community. The tightly knit modding community has been reduced by people with the lust for money and it may never recover. Imagine if mods are paid back when Valve was still a small fry. Dota 2, CS:GO, and Team Fortress 2 would have never taken off to what it is today. Valve would simply be another small fry that could be crushed easily by big companies. The modding community gave life to Valve, and they can also take life away from Valve. With that, I have lost all respect for Valve and GabeN. Even EA couldn't come up with this idea of paid mods first *clap* *clap*.]......._ ......./\ ....../..N.\ ...../O\ .....|||||||||| .....|P| .....|A| .....|I.| .....|D| .....|||||||||| .....|M| .....|O| .....|D| ._-"|S|"-_.......................... ].... ] |=========|...\/............. ..../#####\...........................Il]...Il] ...."""""""""........../ \........................ Down with paid mods! Fire off the missiles! Send in the armies! Bob will save us from tyranny! Copy and paste for WAR !]Great game, extremely questionable profit building schemes!]Paid community mods were a pretty terrible idea, can't run the game without paying. Don't recommend to anyone especially with little replayability and how  it's becoming.]With the mod community in decline I would not reccomend this game]Fantastic game with awesome mods, the only problem is they're trying to make people pay for those mods. Don't fix something that's not broken. Keep mods free.]Crappy game that only was "good" because of the modding community, Bethesda even screwed that up. RIP. 0/10. Valve wants your money and so does Bethsda, don't give them it.]Congradulations on ruining such a great game and community! I do not nor will I ever recommend this game or platform to others as long as this paid modding scheme is in effect. It's disgusting you try to profit off of others work. Remove the paid mods. Thank you and have a pleasant day.]Bethesda has a great track record for releasing buggy games. Just take a look into the artwork page to see. Heck within the first 5 minutes, you could have carts flying halfway across the screen. To fix this, you'll need mods. Oh yeah, for 4 years now, they've been free, until Valve and Bethesda decided to get greedy. Yeah, that changed it all. So those essential mods you'd want to "fix" your game and make it awesome. Guess what, you're paying for unsupported DLC now. So, not able to recommend this game now.]Down with paid Mods]Let's see you buy a positive review mod, Bethesda.]Pays mods, still get arrowed in the knee 0/10]Gabe Jewell pls]Too much Horse Armor.]Screw the greedy s at valve and bethesda, I support creators, not those who hold out their hands and expect a cut of other peoples work.]Feed the hate! Paid Modding = DLC. Paid modding =/= community/workshop]Paid mods are awful. Pretty much kills the game.]Well it used to be a good game. Back before the modding community was introduced to the concept of greed rather than being allowed to freely collaborate without the fear of retribution from DMCA claims. Now they can't use the shield of Fair Use Doctrine.]Gaben is trying to monetize something that should be free. Screw you Gaben]Decent game, too bad you have to pay for the mods.]I implore everybody not to buy this game in its current state. Valve and Bethesda have come together in order to dime and nickel us for every mod they can squeeze by convincing modders that it's a good idea to sell their games in the Steam Workshop, all while claiming 75% of their profits, leaving modders with the measily remains of 25%. Do NOT support these practices, as they ultimately lead to lazy developers relying on modders to fix their game, a fragmented modding community (thus less mods) and no guarantee of proper future support for said mods. If you truly want to support modders and believe they should be paid thusly, ask them what methods you can use in order to donate money to them directly. Support modding, but for the love of all that is logical, do NOT support THIS.]Mods make this game great, and to some playable. Steam/ Valve would be nothing without mods. Nearly all of their games are based off mods. If they want to impede this proccess than they're only hurting themselves.]Great, now you can buy completly broken mods for this game. I want whoever is profiting from the mods to provide me with support on anything I download.]Since Bethesda decided to charge for mods, I literally cannot afford to play it now.]Very fun, best game ever without mods. With mods... can't even fathom. However devout worship of gabe has been crushed due to his beliefe in paying for mods. Gabe... why?]Adding microtransactions to a four-year-old singleplayer game? Boo.]Game itself is good if you disregard the limitations of the engine with the lack of graphical options that are easily accessable from within the game. I cannot, however, recommend this game anymore due to the recent move towards monetization of mods which are pretty much what keeps Skyrim playable after so many years. The fact that Valve and Bethesda take 75% of the cut is not acceptable so I would advice for everyone who would like to contribute towards a modder to donate via different means.]what do we say about the game with massive amounts of free mods going to paid mods? not to day ers.]I don't think Valve or Bethesda really realized it, but somehow they thought paid mods would be a good idea. I don't really know why they even thought that, because both companies would never be where they are now without mods, the entire TES series since Morrowind was so good BECAUSE of mods! Especially with Oblivion the base game got a lot worse than it was before and I never would recommended them without it's modding capabilities either. Valve should also know it better, most Valve games are all based on certain user created mods and it's questionable if Steam would have been in this position without them as well. The whole thing isn't supporting mod authors either, first of all there is a 75% cut off so the guys making the mods would only see 25% of that money. But the main thing WHY this is bad is because mods always were a thing FROM the community FOR the community! People put their heart and soul into those mods just to make their beloved game better WITHOUT any thoughts about profit and how to maximize that. Now it's just a question how to get the most money out of people with as less work as possible, there is literally no quality control here and a lot of the paid mods have shown to be bad already while another big portion of the uploaded paid mods are not from the original creators. If Valve really would have cared then they would have given us one or more options to donate to the mod authors via the Workshop, other mod sites already have such a feature and there is no reason why Steam can't have it as well. It's also really sad to see that Gaben himself got a very weird view on the whole topic (as shown on Reddit), he's literally acting like he's the king of the internet and now not understanding why everyone is so angry at him. Now, I can't really go without Steam since most of my games are here, but I can buy them somewhere else in the future if they don't revert this back, and I don't see why I should get any more Bethesda games as well if they keep going this route (and this comes from a person without Origin & UPlay).]This game was great, until Valve and Bethesda's greed overcame their respect for their customers.]Game is fantastic thanks to the mods...some of them, now, behind a paywall. Not happy.]A PAYWALL FOR ING MODS?! HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THAT YOUR MOST POPULAR GAMES WERE GOD DAMNED MODS?! For christs sake why not a optional donation button, Valve?!]xxxmlg xxxcashxxx money sim, spend 13 minutes in a modelling program? boom, illuminati pays 25%, got dat cash flow doe. $$$$.]Paying for mods now? No thanks.]Writing this review just to help downvote Bethesda for attempting to make more money off of its fan base. Gaben the False God.]Honestly, Skyrim is a great game, but trying to make money off modders is a horrible idea! The cut is 75% for Valve+Bethesda and the remaining 25% goes to modder - why not vice versa? or atleast 50:50? I understand that Valve would like some money for hosting and such, and Bethesda of course want some cut for making this game and including the Construction Set.]Paid mods aren't mods anymore. They are DLC-addons. I am really ashamed of Valve for implementing so many atrocious microtransactions throughout their games and games on their distribution service. And even more ashamed of the people who bought them and supported this practice. The thought of what kind of  microtransactions Valve will try to peddle with Half-Life three makes me want to vomit.]Way to go destroying what made PC gaming the wonder it is. To anyone considering, do not buy this game. In fact, do not buy anything on Steam or from Bethesda right now. These companies has sold us all out.]Skyrim will now go down as the game that killed modding.]can't recommend supporting a developer who want to profit off the hard work of the modding comunity]I do not support their views on paid mods.]Skyrim "PREPARE TO BUY MODS EDITION" thankfully had a recent update rollback. For now its back to buisness as usual, more or less.]Skyrim is somewhat of a downgrade from previous games in the series. The environment is dull and lacks diversity. I get that it's a northern environment but it could still look so much better. The UI is terrible for PC. Skills aren't balanced at all and the combat is boring and repetitive. If it wasn't for mods, I wouldn't really bother with this game.]The Elder Scrolls games were always good base games that became great after the modding community got a hold of it. With the introduction of paid DLC, as opposed to some form of donation that the user can choose, I would not recommend this game at the moment.]Hahaha, oh boy. Valve, Bethesda... you guys ed up bad with this one. Game's great, (free) mods are fun, but the pay-for-mods thing is super gay.  that , man. Helps nobody but Bethesda suck up more money for doing jack .]this paid mods]Hey, valve, guess what. NOBODY WANTS TO PAY FOR ING MODS.]i remember when i got this game, i went and got mods. i played so many mods for so long, i forgot to play the game. now, all i can think is how valve has fallen. NO PAID MODS NO PAID MODS NO PAID MODS wait for their return....]The same reason some U.S. soldiers hate the Red Cross; don't charge for something that was once free.]trash game, buy morrowind for a real rpg experience.]Pay for mods? False god. Addendum: Before anyone blows a gasket about how many hours I DON'T have on Skyrim, it's because I cracked mine so I could use it and Xfire at the same time, so my hours aren't being tracked. Anyone who still uses Xfire knows that some steam games instantly crash to desktop when you launch them if you have xfire in-game enabled.]Paying for mods will kill this game]Just joining the hate waggon]Bethesda and Valve are steering PC gaming down the wrong path by implementing monetized modding and they're using Skyrim as a spearhead. As such, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers, despite my love for it. At this stage of Skyrim's life, modding is what's keeping it alive for the vast majority that play it including myself. To put mods behind a paywall is opening up a huge can of worms that can only be detrimental to the future of the platform and must be stopped before it advances too far. For further reading refer the Forbes article on the most important points - http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/]First off let me start by saying this is a fantastic game and has been potentially ruined by recent events. Now I do think that Mod developers should be able to receive money for their work I don think it should have been handled in the way it has. Why not simply add a donate button and valve take a 10-15% cut for doing all the hosting etc and then give the original Dev around 10% which would leave the mod creator around 75% of the money for 100% of the work. 2 weeks ago this review would have been positive but now, well see for yourself...]A one-time payment of $2.99 is required to access this review piece.]The quality of the TES franchise has always been iffy, whether it be the poor combat of morrowind, dodgey iron sights in NV or the shockingly bad UI in skyrim, but at the same time free mods have always been around to fix up Bethesda's bad ideas and shameful lack of quality control. HOWEVER, now that valve and Bethesda are pushing to monetise the modding community with paid mods, it becomes difficult to recommend Skryim to anyone, knowing that at some point in the future the ability to fix Bethesda's numerous gameplay misteps and bugs might become what is effectively quite expensive third-party DLC. Moreover, paid modding is genuinely offensive in many ways, given that Bethesda (and valve) are taking 75% of mod revenue for essentially not only failing to make a good game, but taking away one of the key selling points of the PC version of this game after the fact. I would in no way recommend this game, nor future games in the TES franchise.]This game supports paid mods; I do not. Vanillas Skyrim is a snoozefest.]Paid mods. This is ridiculous.]Was good until they started charging for mods.]Protesting the clunky and greedy manner in which paid mods are introduced. Bethesda will go to no end to monetize Skyrim, including ripping the heart out of a community of fans who spent a truly staggering amount of hours improving the game. Be aware that your experience may change in an instant if Bethesda deems it profitable.]over rated and overall MEH.]Paid mods are an outrage.]Paid mods WHAT THE F*CK??????]Bethesda have lost my respect. Valve have lost my love. While Skyrim is a great game (only thanks to help of mods) I cannot recommend a game whose developers are not just downright greedy but cause a community of unpaid people who saved their buggy mess of a game to be thrown out into the rain for their own profit, for shame. And to vlave who let this happen, they are even worse.]Skyrim- Paving the road fora future of paid mods. Shame on you.]I sadly cannot give this game a good review... I will not pay for mods. I had hundreds of hours of enjoyment with mods that will likely soon have a pricetag, and for what!? It hurts to know something you enjoyeed so much now has a price. What's next? Adding content every few months to make more money??? Oh wait...]Wow. I don't believe it. Not only has Zenimax figured out a way to be even MORE lazy and ignorant in making a videogame, but also wants to ruin everyone else's fun by selling something that has always been considered free and from the heart. I understand that the videogame press has decided to defend this choice, simply put a 'paywall for mods', but when have they ever been right? I mean lets apply this to reality. We know that modders can code better than any Bethesda employee, see bug fixes and Skyrim Script Extender, but what if Bethesda was an automobile dealer? Ask yourself this question before you even consider purchasing this game, or any mods: should you ever have to pay to have a factory defect fixed on a car? If you answered yes, please consider celibacy and renounce civilization. You're better off swinging from the trees.]Down with this sort of thing!]Review turned negative after the introduction of paid mods.]with the new paid mods everything will go to]Whilst the game gives a solid platform and the core story is reasonably good, the real meat of the game comes from the extensive modding community. Whilst this has always been a huge selling point for PC gaming, Valve and Bethesda are currently attempting to turn this wonderful aspect of PC gaming into something they can exploit the community with for $$$ The idea of paying mod makers isn't a problem and should be encouraged, the fact is that the following: a) There is NO quality assurance. the mod can be utter rubbish yet until you fork out $$$ you can't know. b) The mod makers only get 25% of the profit... Yup The person who did 100% of the work gets a tiny fraction of the money c) If a mod stops working, tough luck. d) The mod must earn $400 before the creator sees a penny! if it only earns $399 then Valve & Bethesda get the lot!! e) This encourages both big and impressibe mods, but also cash grab nonsense. All in all, DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY!]I'm not going to support paid mods, and as long as there's paid mods I do not recommend this game]The changes in the modding community have ruined this game along with me finding the changes unacceptable and a bad precedent.]Pretty bummed i supported this game right before the whole mod debackle.]I now have to pay mods I've been using for years and have dontated for in the past. Blatant cash grab. Thanks for destroying the most civil and supportive community in pcgaming bethesda and valve.]Pay to win on singleplayer game... nice.]I enjoy Bethesda games. Especially when they open them up to the modding community. But then the paid mod thing happened and we find out both Valve and Bethesda are profitting over this. Modding, something that has been a free, community driven activity for thirty years is being monetized. Not donation driven, not a commission thing, but a market that is going to drive modding into the ground. "B-BUT! MODDERS ARE ALSO GETTING MONEY!" 25%. And that's if they make more than $400 if I'm reading things right and that money only goes to your Steam Wallet. Anything would have been better than this. I cannot in good faith say that you should buy this game and support the developers. EDIT Well, the paid mods system has been removed. For the time being. Valve has aready said that they are going back to the drawing board to figure out how to better implement it. I'm going to keep this negative review here as a reminder of just what transpired and a reminder so no one is surprised when it pops up again. If Valve implements paid mods again, yet they somehow work, /then/ I will change this review.]Do I also have to pay to write this review aswell?]i remember when i got this game, i went and got mods. i played so many mods for so long, i forgot to play the game. now, all i can think is how valve has fallen. NO PAID MODS NO PAID MODS NO PAID MODS wait for their return....]The same reason some U.S. soldiers hate the Red Cross; don't charge for something that was once free.]Pay for mods? False god. Addendum: Before anyone blows a gasket about how many hours I DON'T have on Skyrim, it's because I cracked mine so I could use it and Xfire at the same time, so my hours aren't being tracked. Anyone who still uses Xfire knows that some steam games instantly crash to desktop when you launch them if you have xfire in-game enabled.]I would hesitate in buying this game if you haven't already. Think EA style microtransactions but ten times worse. Don't waste your money.]Good game, bad capitalists.]Buy Skyrim. DO NOT BUY ANY MODS FROM THE WORKSHOP. Go to Nexus. Get all your mods for free. Donate if you like 'em. Live life as ye should. Congradulations, Valve and Bethesda. You split your own fanbase in a desperate grab for cash. Enjoy the Fallout! Cheerio, Shin]I used to love this game and have over 150 mods installed. Now I cannot play it because some of my mods have switched over to paid only and resultingly malfunctioned.]After 117 hours i can say: Crap! Dont buy it! And dont buy any mod!]>No RPG elements > walking simulator >Draugr Tomb Spelunker 2015 >LMB2win combat >Other games have better waifus which require less effort to mod in >Paid mods Yeah it's pretty bad]Greedy.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a great game. That said, charging for user-created content on a free content hosting platform is utter B/S. I'll be accessing my mods from more reputable sources from now on Steam, it's hilarious that someone on your team came up with an idea like this. It makes you look like one of those free mobile game vendors, charging for every bit of content you possibly can while still pushing the idea that the actual content is free. One of the largest draws of the elder scrolls series is the player made content, and if that remains a payed for feature, then you can definitely expect far less sales when the next game comes out.]Paid user made DLC is stupid. This  should not exist.]Game is okay. Would not recommend purchasing.]this game is boring.]Can we all just ignore this buying mods things please. The ony reason that paying was invented was so that people would work becuse if they didn't get anything out of it they wouldn't work, but modders does this for free so there's no need to pay for it. So to all modders, please don't make us pay for mods, and to all PC gamers, please don't ever buy mods becaue of you don't people won't make us pay for mods.]I will pay for DLC content which adds alot to the game but to pay $5 for 1 simple change to the game?. I love this game and I love the modding community, but I don't support paying for mods.]If there is any game that proves studios do not need to release a relatively bug free, massive content filled game while still being overwhelmingly successful, TESV: Skyrim is it. However, Bethesda owes their success and high ratings to the kind and good willed people who "fixed" / modified Skyrim for nothing in return. And what does Bethesda do to reward these people? They endorse a laughable cash farm/paid mods system where they are doing nothing and taking the biggest cut. The only reason why this 4 year old game is still relevant and talked about today is because of the content modders created and fixed. Yes, paid mod system on Steam Workshop has been removed but Bethesda has left a burning scar on the attractive modding community with their actions. I have no doubt they would try and take advantage of their greatest undeserved asset again which is why I can't thumbs up this product. What I think of the game itself (without mods): GOOD - graphics/visuals are good (for its time), I like the combat, talent tree is nice, sprint bar! BAD - short quest lines (especially for guilds), dialogue/story writing doesn't live up to previous Elder Scrolls, dragon combat seems corny to me, not as many caves/dungeons as TESIV About the whole paid mods situation: -I'm not against someone making money for the things they create (^I've bought several early access games, this isn't even necessary to say^) -I'm not against giving my money to someone for the things they create -I have DONATED money to modder/server owners in the past -I am against Steam Workshop turning into a micro transaction nightmare -I am against STUDIOS making money on mods that "fix" a game -I am against STUDIOS having even less incentive than they do now to make an outstanding game because they would be able to sit on a cash farm known as paid mods]Just helping others protest. Nothing to see here.]I was dissapointed by Bethesdas latest Elder Scrolls. But the community of modders made this a really fun game. I recommend everyone to by the game used or from another site than steam, and using http://www.nexusmods.com/ for modding.]This game is OK without mods. This game is amazing WITH mods. It shows that the people will get what they want, even if they have to program it themselves. What Steam doesnt realize is they just killed this game. Mods are by people for people. There is nothing wrong with modders asking for compensation for their time and effort, but it needs to be propotional and unofficial. By Steam making it official then they take on a lot of the responsibility from the modders. What happens when one of my paid mods interacts negatively with another paid mod? Who will give me a refund? Steam? The modder? Now Steam has the liability of refunds and this could become a class action suit if there was a modder that took advantage of the system. I am officialy boycotting Steam untill this is redacted. I urge everyone else to do the same. Thank you for your time.]A key advantage of PC gaming over consoles is FREE modding, which often outdoes paid DLC. "Well, lets fix that" says Valve and Bethesda, as they reveal that their plan for the Steam Workshop is really to make it into a paid service. Do not support this crap.]you Valve. You deserve all the contempt that is getting thrown at you for this.]$30 for a red sword.]Meh, could be better, could be worse. Combat is pretty bad, feels like I am playing Minecraft with a HD texture]having the option to pay for mod that complete cr*p]Suck D*cks Valve and Bethesda!!!]Never made a review before. I enjoyed skyrim as much as anyone else. Mods were of course the biggest factor, as with most bethesda games. This new thing with paid mods is just ridiculous though. It's an unnecessary paywall that will only hurt the mod community as a whole. The whole point of mods was free, user created content to help expand the game. What Valve wants to do though is literally make user created dlc and I don't think anyone wants that.]Nice work Steam! This will not end well for you.]It pains me to do this after enjoying this game so much, but paying for mods ?! Are you freakin' kidding me ? MODS SHOULD BE FREE]The game is fine by itself, and I do not mind modders putting a price on their work. But steam taking 75% is too much.]Leave it to big business to take something good and cherished(modding for fun) and then completely pervert and corrupt it.(monetize it)]This parody has to end NOW. Bethesda and Vavle greed combined will kill the mods]One of the main reasons I bought Skyrim was for the mods. I considered the mods to add a lot of extra value to the game. Now they became horse armor DLC and i feel cheated both by bethesda and by valve. It's like going to a restaurant and being told that adding salt to your food is going to cost you 0.99$. I will never buy any product made by Bethesda Software ever again because i feel that they will probably try pull the same dubious measures on their future games as well. It is very sad for me because i grew up playing TES games and now i will have to stop enjoying them because bethesda and steam became greedy and decided to kill the skyrim modding scene.]Pay for mods? Just no, Valve ur turning into a new EA, just NOOOOO! What next, pay per month to play steam games? RIP PC Gaming ;(]Honestly, if you have a console, just buy this game on the console. There isn't a reason now to own it for PC (besides slightly better graphics I suppose) now as you have to pay for mods. MODS for pc games, are really the only reason to buy the PC version of a game, because PC games are "mod-able" and console's are not. Well now that you have to pay for mods, that were previously free just a week ago, most of the fun that was to be had in skyrim on PC is pretty much moot, as the "must have mods" that fix stuff in the game cost actual real live money now. Take a Stand. Do not pay for this BS on the steam workshop. If you want a mod that costs money head on over to nexus, their mods are still free (for now until steam works out a way to tie the "pay" for mods to steam alone) and make sure you tell gabe, that as much as you love steam, and as much as you don't mind paying for stuff you like, you don't agree with paying for mods, that for the last 10 years, have been free, but now they decide they can make cash off it.]I enjoy this game, but I don't support Valve and Bethesda's move toward paid mods.]Game is . Thankfully I can mod it good. Oh wait, that costs money. Thank you Valve. Would never buy another game from Bethesda again.]ANOTHER ANGRY REVIEW IN A SEA OF ANGRY REVIEWS! Paid mods and whatnot.]No, not anymore]a paywall for mods is not the way to support mod creators, it is only a way to line the pockets of valve.]Paid mods Oh, how the mighty have fallen...]Valve and Bethesda decided to profit off of the modding community, destroying it in the process.]Not supporting Steam or Bethesda until they completely change their business models. I can certainly survive without Slyrim, as Oblivion, Morrowind, and New Vegas are better games with FREE mods any way. I recommend that you who are reading this review do the same and shop only at GoG, Humble Bundle, and (dare I say it) EA's Origin. Valve needs more competition now. Edit: 4/27/2015 10:03 PM Welp, they finally did a 180 degree reversal with the policy for Skyrim. But in the official press release for this policy change, the official Valve employe who annouced this change implied that they would try again, just not for Skyrim. So no, I'm still not supporting Valve anymore. They are still a monopoly. They are still hypocrites. But what now for Skyrim and Bethesda? Should I now give Skyrim a positive review? No! It's my opinion that Zenimax and Bethesda Softworks (not Beth. Game Studio) still want some form of paid modding and were the main pushers for paid modding in the first place. Remember Horse Armor? Also, I have my beefs with Skyrim itself as a game. People really should play Morrowind, Oblivion, and New Vegas before spending hundred's of hours into this shallow game. I can't go into specifics at the moment, but there are plenty of reviews and videos online addressing concerns that I agree with. View Valve's statement here: https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3434it/paid_mods_in_the_steam_workshop/ 4/28/2015 Bethesda gave their own PR twitst. http://www.bethblog.com/2015/04/27/why-were-trying-paid-skyrim-mods-on-steam/ Look at this particular statement: "Horse Armor gave us a start into something new, and it led to us giving better and better value to our players with DLC like Shivering Isles, Point Lookout, Dragonborn and more." They seriously believe that horse armor has helped not just Oblivion, Elder Scrolls, and Fallout but also the gaming industry as a whole? Horse armor did not "encourage" them to make epansion packs and dlc that were planned and were in development already. If they could without backlash, they would follow the scam-like behaviors of other developers like EA or Paradox when it comes to the most inane DLC's. They said to the effect: "Well mod sales were insignificant anyway. And people who use mods and make mods are very insignificant when comparing to all Skyrim players." Well, if it wasn't that significant, why risk your business and lose potential customers for future games you idiots? They also said that they began discussions and planning for paid mods back in 2012. They will not simply waste 3 years of planning because of this backlash. NO business plans something for such a long time just to do a complete 180 and waste all the wages to people who worked on introducing a new product or service and all the data and knowledge from analyzing the market. This will come back, one way or another. My positive review for Skyrim will not.]First there had been the expansion packs... And there were DLCs... And now there are MODs for sale!  you valve. Make HL3 already.]What can I say? Half-finished game that only survived because of modability, which will now be placed behind payment walls. While the decision is a good one for modding in the long term, the consumer is again shafted. I wouldn't recommend the base game Skyrim as anything close to being worth playing, however if you don't mind to keep forking out money for characters, weapons, minor patches, etc then this game might be for you. Was nice while it lasted, though! EDIT: Well, now that the paid mods have been >>temporarily<< put on hold, until they can put more legal bindings on them, I will refrain from changing the review, since it's only a matter of time before it's back. Also the damage has been done: the community is in shambles, modders are leaving and players are still spamming about it. I feel like the modders pulling their free mods is mostly because of the players who attacked the modders, more than the allure of potential profits. The playerbase attacked the wrong targets here, but everything's been done, now we just wait and see where this develops. Third-Party DLC, that the company is actually getting money for and then money from publishing it, is here to stay. There is nothing we can do. I'll miss gaming.]paid mods, don't buy this game.]This game is being sold out. What makes it so unique and awesome is the modding community and what both Bethesda and Valve are planning on doing here is selling the mods with a 70% margin. This will not only make it way more expensive for the player to mod the game, because priorly you could just download the mods from the modding forums for free, but it will also kill the modding community at the nexus forums. Therefore my review of this game is negative, as it is nothing without its mods.]dont buy till paid mod issue is sorted.]was about to finally upgrade to legendary and enjoy the huge load of mods i've heard of Thanks Valve war saving me 10 ;) So sorry for all that creative passionate minds, whoms work will now get 'em a little cash but less downloads/recognition/love for the sake of art and grattitude]It was a great game, ruined forever by Valve]This is a good game but I AM NOT PAYING FOR MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]Was a great game, but just cant recommend it with this mod iz. Spend your money on something else. Dont feed into this now evil corperation. Uninstalled this game. 0/10 steam. You screwed this game over.]Brilliant game, especially with the added mod support. Thats how it used to be until they made it so you have to pay for mods. " Pay for mods?, thats a thing?" you might be thinking, well it is now, and that has pretty much ruined this game. ( Sarcastic clapping) Well done bethesda and valve, your worthless idea is gonna get you now where, no ones gonna pay for something that they could have got for free.]All aboard the paid mods hate train!!]The game that attempted to single handedly ruin PC modding. I will never again buy a video game with the Bethesda name anywhere near it.]Valve too greedy. 0/10]Paid mods? Im out.]paid mods, no thanks.]You know why...]You used to be cool Bethesda. What happened to you man?]I have nothing against paying for a mod but if i do i want to give all the fee to the modder for a great mod not 75% to you money grabbing ers. You make me sick]Was an enjoyable game, but it is now involved in a money-making scheme that goes against the spirit of mods. Don't buy this game under any circumstances,]TES has always been a series that leaned heavily on externally generated content to sell copies. Almost all of us have used at least one mod to make the game better. Many of us use 50, 100, or even more mods. Unfortunately, Bethesda and Valve decided to take the community for a ride and allow mod uploaders to set a paywall for their mods, with Bethesda/Valve splitting 75% of the profits. This is absolutely unacceptable business practice, and I cannot recommend a purchase when the game can cost upwards of $200.00 for content that used to be free.]Selling Mods, now, are we? Well,  you, valve. I used to like you.]One of my favorite games once. A masterpiece ruined by paid mods. It is just a broken game full of bugs and CTDs without mods and unofficial fixes. Not recommended anymore. Helping the modders by robbing them 75% of the share. Nice move Valve and Bethesda. I am Impressed.]Just why Valve?]Although I like this game, mainly for the Emerson and mods not for the game itself. I am all for supporting modders so they can keep making great content but that money should be donated for good work or as pay what you want at least. But making mods a set price is a very worrying precedent in the gaming community, not only will this meat major criticism but will only help create a 2 tier community with piracy and legal issues destroying what is a tight nit community of creatives. And for that reason I have given this game a bad review for what Bethesda have allowed their game to become, the harbinger signalling the death of community modding. GG Steam WP]2014: I remember when I spent 5 days modding Skyrim and never played it 2015: I remember when I spent 50 modding Skyrim and never played it.]Great game. Paid mods are terrible though, game is uninstalled and never being reinstalled until they're gone.]One of the reasons we struggle with transitioning to digital media, is becuase patent owners such as Apple or Google takes a cut when a newspaper is sold through their stores. The backlash has of course been huge, and slowly we are seeing big tech companies allowing the media to sell their products with tech companies taking a smaller cut. Now Valve comes along and learned nothing. They are taking a 75% cut for every mod they sell for Skyrim, a game only worth playing because of the fantastic mod community. I agree that modders need to pay their rent, but that rent is not getting paid when Valve is taking 75% of the cut. Stay clear folks!]Crappy game with a small world, bad graphics, terrible voice acting, awful UI, poorly thought out mechanics and a developer that doesn't deserve your money. And now not even mods can fix this mess, thanks to greedy Bethesda and Valve.]Have you seen those warriors from Hammerfell? They got paid mods. Paid, mods.]Was good till Valve mest it up with these stupid pay for mods garbage. tag: Pay to Play]So my previous review mentioned that I can only play this game with mods. That's changed since Valve added paid mods. GabeN is haram, Valve are greedy . To those complaining about the 75% valve takes to fuel Gabe's diabetus; they also take a ing unreasonable amount from each game sold on Steam 30% for each game is stupid, a healthy amount is 25% seeing as Valve literally do ing nothing to get their cut. Furthermore Valve hasn't even ing said anything on the matter, I cannot understand why they think this is a good idea, I would forgive them if they took it down instantly they realised it was a ing autistic idea and then said sorry, but hell nawww they're all like "We ain't gon' say  'bout our  up," Voting Valve for worst company of the year.]why]Cancer and cashgrab.]The game is fine but Valve and bethesda have gone the way of greed and are now charging money for what should be free content therefor i cannot recommend this game to anyone.]Don't buy this mess. Thank you Bethesda and Valve for ruining this great game.]Killing the modding community, one mod at a time]This is an amazing game and has an extremely active modding scene but recently Valve have started charging for mods. This is not acceptable. Even though this game is amazing do not buy it until these payed mods are removed.]I love this game and put more hours in than any other game, but this paying for mods thing Valve cooked up is the worst possible idea for many reasons already articulated by others.]Uninspired]A shallow, if graphically impressive (for its time) game. It will offer a couple hours of fun until you get tired of fighting leveled enemies and finding leveled loot in incredibly bland and uninspired dungeons, which offers no incentives to explore as most said leveled loot is both random and plain bad. You will then wander from places to places looking at the most bland and average "not-medieval-scandinavia" setting there is. The gameplay and engine limitations are designed to be played on last-gen consoles and do not take advantage of such simple things such as a mouse and keyboard, or your hectocore 80gb ram top-of-the-line alienware. Moreover, there is a pletora of bugs that Bethesda simply did not care to fix. Most of its drawbacks can be negated by mods, but now you have to pay for these mods, and the first .75c of each dollars you pay directly fuel Valve monopolistic business practices and Bethesda legendary lazyness. Have fun!]Great game, but I can't endorse it so long as paid mods exist.]Gabe Newell has gone mad with power. Charging for mods is a shameful practice. Screw you Valve, screw you Bethesda.]Paid mods are micro-transactions by another name. Shame on you Valve]was about to finally upgrade to legendary and enjoy the huge load of mods i've heard of Thanks Valve war saving me 10 ;) So sorry for all that creative passionate minds, whoms work will now get 'em a little cash but less downloads/recognition/love for the sake of art and grattitude]It was a great game, ruined forever by Valve]This is a good game but I AM NOT PAYING FOR MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]Was a great game, but just cant recommend it with this mod iz. Spend your money on something else. Dont feed into this now evil corperation. Uninstalled this game. 0/10 steam. You screwed this game over.]Game needs mods to be great. Mods are now microtransactions. Play morrowind or oblivion instead... they're just as good and all their mods are free]Don't buy or you'll support corporate greed. They now charge for mods on the workshop. Valve has shown its true face and it looks exactly like EA.]Here is a prime example of a great game, turned to crap from Mirco-transactions. Really Valve, really?]I'm a review and I find this game offensive, paying for mods and , do you want the keys to my house too gaben?!!]Crashing this community With no survivors]Don't even think about it.]Paid mods?? MY PITCHFORK IS READY. ded game]Game barely functions as an RPG. Barely functions as an Action game. Buggy as . Paid mods. Don't buy.]I cant support any game or game company that is going to sell mods. the modding community has always been for free and for fun. I have modded a few games in my day and this just isnt right. And you sau modders get 25% of the sale. WTF IS THAT?!?!?!? valve your being a greedy prick]Fun game, but the million micro transactions without continued support are something to watch out for]Tried to launch skyrim found out that my subscribed mods needed to be paid for. Wtf.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Review $4.99 Buy Now]Ridiculous idea to charge for mods. I'd gladly donate to modders, but paying money to turn a beautifull comunity into a ridiculous money making scheme and atracting all the greedy people is just unacceptable.]Paid Mods.]Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect Judge Dre presiding In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department; prosecuting attourneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy-motherin-E [Dr. Dre as The Judge] Order, order, order Ice Cube, take the motherin stand Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin but the truth so help your black ? [Ice Cube as Witness] You god damn right! [Dr. Dre] Well won't you tell everybody what the  you gotta say? [Ice Cube]  the police comin straight from the underground A young a got it bad cause I'm brown And not the other color so police think they have the authority to kill a minority  that , cause I ain't the one for a punk  with a badge and a gun to be beatin on, and thrown in jail We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell in with me cause I'm a teenager with a little bit of gold and a pager Searchin my car, lookin for the product Thinkin every a is sellin narcotics You'd rather see, me in the pen than me and Lorenzo rollin in a Benz-o Beat a police out of shape and when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape To tape off the scene of the slaughter Still gettin swoll off bread and water I don't know if they  or what Search a a down, and grabbin his nuts And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none But don't let it be a black and a white one Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top Black police showin out for the white cop Ice Cube will swarm on ANY  in a blue uniform Just cause I'm from, the CPT Ounk police are afraid of me! HUH, a young a on the warpath And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath of cops, dyin in L.A. Yo Dre, I got somethin to say [cut and scratched x4] " the police" Example of scene one [Cop] Pull your god damn  over right now [NWA] Aww , now what the  you pullin me over for? [Cop] Cause I feel like it! Just sit your  on the curb and shut the  up [NWA] Man,  this  [Cop] Aight smartass, I'm takin your black  to jail! [Dr. Dre] MC Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this ed up incident? [MC Ren]  the police and Ren said it with authority because the az on the street is a majority A gang, is with whoever I'm steppin and the motherin weapon is kept in a stash box, for the so-called law Wishin Ren was a a that they never saw Lights start flashin behind me But they're scared of a a so they mace me to blind me But that  don't work, I just laugh because it gives em a hint, not to step in my path For police, I'm sayin, " you punk!" Readin my rights and , it's all junk Pullin out a silly club, so you stand with a fake- badge and a gun in your hand But take off the gun so you can see what's up And we'll go at it punk, and I'ma  you up! Make you think I'ma kick your  but drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast I'm sneaky as  when it comes to crime But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time Smoke any  that sweats me or any , that threatens me I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope Takin out a cop or two, they can't cope with me The motherin villian that's mad With potential, to get bad as  So I'ma turn it around Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound [BOOM, BOOM] Yeah, somethin like that but it all depends on the size of the gat Takin out a police, would make my day But a a like Ren don't give a  to say [cut and scratched x4] " the police" [Cop] [knocking on the door] [NWA] Yeah man, what you need? [Cop] Police, open now [NWA] Aww  [Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest [Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em (Move , move now!) [NWA] What the  did I do, man what did I do? [Cop] Just shut the  up and get your motherin  on the floor (You heard the man, shut the  up!) [NWA] But I didn't do  [Cop] Man just shut the  up! [Dr. Dre] Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this ? [Eazy-E] I'm tired of the motherin jackin Sweatin my gang, while I'm chillin in the shack, and shinin the light in my face, and for what? Maybe it's because I kick so much butt I kick  - or maybe cause I blast on a stupid- a when I'm playin with the trigger of any Uzi or an AK Cause the police always got somethin stupid to say They put out my picture with silence Cause my identity by itself causes violence The E with the criminal behavior Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got? A sucker in a uniform waitin to get shot by me, or another a And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger (MC Ren: Size ain't , he's from the old school fool) And as you all know, E's here to rule Whenever I'm rollin, keep lookin in the mirror And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a dumb  with a gun And if I'm rollin off the 8, he'll be the one that I take out, and then get away While I'm drivin off laughin this is what I'll say [cut and scratched x4] " the police" The verdict [Dre] The jury has found you guilty of bein a redneck, white bread, chickenshit  [Cop] But wait, that's a lie! That's a god damn lie! [Dre] Get him out of here! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Get him the  out my face! [Cop] I want justice! [Dre] Out, RIGHT NOW! [Cop]  YOU, YOU BLACK MOTHER-ERRRRRRRRRRRRS!  the police! [x3] also  valve for being greedy and adding payments for mods which they get 75% of, how is that supporting the creators? Just make a new game already and cash off that instead of being like ea.]Game is nice, but valve and bethesda have decided to ruin it by hiding mods behind a paywall.]Great game, horrible developers. I have loved Bethesda but making users pay for mods crossed the line.]When this game first came out it was amazing, and the whole workshop thing was a pretty nice addition. After awhile in the game people made the most random mods that just ruined the game for me. instead of fixing this issue, they thought, "Oh hey you know what we should do to line our pockets more...make the players, (the back bone of our company), to have to pay for the only thing we had free on our game." i feel like they didn't come up with the idea to help the artists, they did it to help themselves, so they can afford the payments on their solid gold house and diamond infused car. so my honest opinion is that you should change it back the way it was and offer jobs to the artist to work for you. So relating to the game itself is amazing, and if you get it then i wouldn't touch the mods until they fix the colossal screw up they created with the workshop.]The greedy decision to take the result of a thriving modding community and turn it into a micropayment rip-off feast is disgusting! The game is good, but this shortsighted decision will kill it off the reason to play it any more...]paid mods are ridiculous. I just redownloaded skyrim on my new computer and I can't get back any of the awesome mods I once used. the community was huge and thriving even without money being involved, but as always some money-grubbing POS at the top decided they could squeeze more money from the game. The same game whose popularity has continued so long BECAUSE OF THE FREE MODS. any money they make off of this scheme will benefit them far less than a game that stands the test of time. WAY TO GO]Valve get your  together and stop lining gabens pockets with 100 dollar bills, paid modding is such a stupid desicsion, especially with how the mod developers only gets 25 procent of the sale, how is that supporting them, thats nothing. 0/10]Paying for mods? Yeah, no thanks.]Hell no, Paid Mods HELL ING NO!. WTF are you trying Valve, you're already swimming in the dollars, Why try to  up community? To hell you morons. Capitalist pigs... And even more they adversite like ''Support modding'' then why the hell modders take %25 of the sale money? Just add a ''Donation'' button than]Draugr, Draugr, more draugr. The game has a terrible lacking variety in what you face, you quickly learn to expect that oh, wow, here comes a draugr.]The game is good when you have mods installed. Unfortunatley steam and bethesda want money for the mods, its all good in supporting the modderators but they only get 25% of the cut so... If you really want to support the modderators go to Nexus Mod (they have mods for many other games too) and donate, plus all their mods are free :)]>paying for mods This is the future you chose.]"Look we're already milking customers dry for money, why not began taxing people for mods, which have been free for decades!" "Great idea! everyone will love it when the best part of their game is now costing them $5 each." "New ways to support developers my , IF THE MOD MAKERS WANTED MONEY THEY WOULD HAVE ASKED FOR IT, AND THEY DEFINETLY WOULD NOT ASK FOR 25% OF IT! its monopolizing on something that has never before been monopolized on! And without mods lets face it, the graphics are crap and the game is bland, mods are what was making this game live longer. already an ENB is a pay mod. That's one less graphical enhancer out there. It is really sad because some of my favourite mods that are amazing now are pay to use. I don't think I will touch this game again until the pay for mods is out of here, I'm disapointed because if any developer decides to do this, your mod will be taken out of your game without notice and youll have to pay some odd 4 bucks for it. I think the word valve needs to learn is "DLC".]this game the addons cost money  you gaben]Paid mods are a load of]Skyrim overall is a ok game. There is good and bad. One of the main selling points to me has always been the massive modding community. Recent decisions have been made (Basically trying to turn the free thing into micro-transactions). I think this is a very poor choice and will have a widespread negative impact of what has been one of if not the biggest advantages to many of bethisida's game releases such as the elder scrolls series and fallout. Setting aside that those who make the mods (a process that can take countless hours) will only get 25% for what is primarily their creation. This attempt to monitise what has typically been absent of cost is a step in a direction that worries me greatly. It has all manner of issues (many mods are group efforts or use resources created to other modders for free, if you charge for a mod with things you do not own in it, what happens?). Over all I suspect this payed mods is going to stir up all manner of resentment, feuding, theft, plagiarism and hatred. I fear that this will have a toxic effect on the community and kill the goose that lays the golden egg (aka we had a good thing where nice people made stuff for the game, now there all gonna fight and no one will make good stuff any more).]Don't support garbage policies. Game is 10/10. Valve and Bethesda paid mods -10/10.]Mods should no go from being free for years to suddenly being put up for sale.]Paid mods. I'm waiting to see how this turns out, but it might mean moving to the next big game delivery platform.]TESV is Dead.]The only reason this game is still kicking is because of the modders. They spent alot of time fixing bugs that Bethesda refused to. The modification community of the game was a strong one with a deep passion for the Elder Scrolls. Money has thoroughly corrupted it thanks to Valve (Steam) and Bethesda with the implimintation of paying for mods. You can expect to spend a lot of money buying mods that make the game run as it was supposed to. You can also expect to purchase mods that are stolen from someone elses work. You can also expect to buy mods that will break the game or not function correctly, and you will not get a refund as steam will keep your money in a "steam wallet." For example one of the cornerstones of several mods involves a script extender. A certain program many people run on their pc will cause it not to work. This will in turn cause the mod you bought not to work. Again this game is incredibly buggy without modification, and it isn't right that you should have to do several microtransactions to get it there. On a side note, Bethesda makes a ludicrous profit off of the modders' work, work that Bethesda should have been doing in the first place when they released the game.]Much as I love Skyrim, I can no longer support a Publisher/Dev who put mods behind a Paywall and split and cause fights within Modding community. No longer can support those who don't know what Modding is, and it's meaning. Therefore I have to say NO do NOT BUY THIS, TILL THEY CHANGE THEIR STANCE! Vote with your wallet and mind! Long live The Nexus for FREE MODS! Shame on you BethSoft/Zenimax, Learn your lesson.]Rge core mechanics of this game are awesome. I will not downplay that, however I cannot support this pay for Mod move when essentially mods have kept skyrim relevant for all these years. I played it on 360 then Migrated to PC just for mods.....and now this development has me smh. Valve and Bethesda, this was a very ill advised move.]Pay for extra cheese wheel DLC only 2.50]Valve is greedy. When you hear the phrase 75:25 split of revenue for modders, you would assume that means the modders are getting 75%. Nope, Valve is only giving these modders 25% after spending weeks making this product, and pocketing the rest. Then, there's the issue of support. What if the mod breaks a week down the line after an update and the dev refuses to fix it? He/She has your money so why do they care? Plus, people are stealing free mods and rehosting them and profiting off them. Valve has also given unclear advice about whether mod dependencies are okay. When done in the correct way, this could be a great way to support modders. Allow modders to make the minimum price 0, so it's free + donation, give them at least 70% of revenue like Apple's App Store and make clear the copyright rules clear. And don't push steam towards microtransaction HELL.]mfw bethesda and steam singlehandedly kill the elder scrolls series by introducing paid mods]Paid mods are going to ruin this game. And drive people away from Steam. GG.]I hate video games.]The CK is garbage. Papyrus' favorite thing to do is ctd. I use two mod organizers, tes5edit and wrye smash to get my load orders to work. To get animations in and out of skyrim I have to use 3 programs. The only work they're putting in to helping modding is taking a cut.]They turned modding into DLC that dollar you to death. I thought for a moment I was at Origin but to my horror I was at steam. What a dildoe move steam I will not be playing this anymore.]There is no way I can support those who killed the modding community. Especially ironic considering that bethesda had always used mods as a selling point. Valve is also as much to blame as them. I hope that this cancer of an idea can be contained before it spreads to the rest of the industry. I just hope that they will both be remembered as those who ruined one of the last thing that made pc gaming worthwhile.]Recently, Bethesda and Valve have decided that they want to corrupt and destroy the very community that makes skyrim a game worth playing. Both of these companies have lost my business because they have shown themselves to be utterly  and immoral in their desire for money. Hopefully this policy will be retracted soon.]Pay for mods? It's the only thing that keeps this game alive.]Over the years it was a great game, but the developer changed to something worse than EA. Don't buy anything from Bethesda, they don't deserve your hard earned money.]The heretics who introduced paid mods shall burn.]I have put in nearly 1,100 hours onto this game. 90% of that is thanks to a robust modding community that has provided endless patches, content, and quality of life game improvements. All of this means that I should realistically give this a positive review, but with the latest debacle over paid modding, I am revoking my endorsement. This whole thing is utterly shameful and Bethesda and Valve are wiping out any goodwill they've accumulated over the years.]I've been playing the Skyrim Beta over the free weekend. Once they've fixed all the bugs, it should be really fun. I can't wait until this game is released!]Game: 10/10 Paid Mods 0/10]Valve has taken steps to put mods behind a paywall. Most of this is understandable; however *75 PERCENT* of the profits go to Valve, for doing little to no work in the process. Regardless of what Valve gets out of it, from what I have seen almost all mods in the paid section are STOLEN. A  move, I believe, by both the perpatrators, and Valve, for allowing this to continue unmoderated. Noone wins except Valve. The workshop was already insurperior to the Skyrim Modding Nexus, now it's a no-brainer decision. Skyrim Workshop is now a meaningless thing, nothing but a nuisance with nothing unique of value to offer.]It's been an awesome ride, but what really made this game a diamond in the rough was the help from people polishing the game in the form of mods. It's the mods that have kept the game alive this long, not valve nor bethesda... Thumbs down to the greedy s... "We are doing this for the modders" pfft yeah right.]The recent addition of paid mods has been a huge blow to Skyrim's enjoyability and longevity. Modders have kept this game alive for many many years, and now it's only a matter of time before the best mods are locked behind paywalls and microtransactions. The worst part is that Steam/Bethesda are taking the lions share of the profits... SEVENT FIVE PERCENT! Vote with your wallet, stay away from any paid mods.]The Workshop is a place to share creations to increase the longevity of Skyrim, in essence putting price tags on user created content is killing the community, there is average of about 20 hours of content that you can burn through without mods, now I've got to pay! I have upwards of 300 mods on my game, are you gonna charge 300 for it! Valve has simply become an exploitive corporation whose priorities lie in the vault! 11/10 for the game though - thanks nexus x]I used to like, now I don't and you all know why.]Mod-gate. Elder Scrolls games are only good because of mods.]I cannot, in good concious, support a company that is attempting to nickle and dime their once passionate fanbase via the practice of paid mods. I'm all for supporting modders who work on large scale mods (such as Skywind), but not like this Bethesda and Valve. Not like this.]In West Steamadelphia, born and raised, on this game spent most of my days, when a couple of , made a huge flop. starting charging mods in my workshop. I got in one little game and my wallet got scared, it said you're moving to Nexus where your money can be spared.]Awesome game, a little buggy but that'll be ironed out soon. Mod kit coming, so expect infinite replayability in the future :) Edit: I no longer recommend this game on the fact that it endorses paid for mods, with 75% profit ratio to the companies that own it. An example of one of the various problems is posted below (by Anonymous): This is an oft-overlooked implication. What happens when developers start making mods in their free time after a game goes gold? They have a leg up on everyone else in that they're intimate with the systems before the game even launches. Given the toxic, vile nature of the industry, chances are developers and publishers will even "encourage" their employees to do this. Encourage, in this context, means cut employees who don't. While I doubt any dev/publisher aside from the already caustic, obviously anti-consumer ones will purposefully gimp their game to make a profit on mods, it really does have some serious, negative implications for industry employees.]Valve can shove these mods up their .]A game with lot of similair content and it gets boring pretty fast. And when it gets boring you add a mod....right? Mods which make most dissapointing productions from the bigger game companies worthwhile regardless of their steep price...right? Well think again because you r gonna be paying for ech and every mod you donwload. If its up to Valve/bethesda you will from now on: First buy a bad half finished game for ca 50-60 euro's Second pay for ca 8 DlC another 50-60 euro's And than....you add fanmade content for free cause its already expensive enough..right...RIGHT??--> Nope....you are gonna pay for Fanmade content to, starting with Skyrim. Which often does not alter gameplay at all. Who knows what this will add up to. My advice: modDB. Superiour mods for free.]Valve, Bethesda why? please stop this modding stupidity.]I do enjoy it, but some aspects recently added I am not very pleased with.]First ever review for me on steam, and to be honest I probably would never have made even this if Steam and Bethesda hadn't ed up so bad. Game is alright and with some mods even great, but I don't want to support their decision to implement paid mods. It's a straight forward "f*** you" to us customers. I would like to take that "f*** you" and say it to you, Steam and Bethesda.]Haven't got enough money to buy AK-47 wielding naked Harry Potter.. Uninstalled, undownloaded, unsubbed, unbought, unwatched, unlogged, unregistered, unplayed, unlived..]We are witnessing a great game and a great community die. Was fun while it lasted.]I'll start out by saying that I've enjoyed Skyrim. With the vibrant modding community, a game that on its own is an interesting, but very buggy and somewhat tedious affair has become an extremely enjoyable experience. All due to the efforts over the years by many people. However, with Valve now allowing others to sell mods, and even mods that have been free and downright /necessary/ for an enjoyable experience, such as SkyUI, I can no longer recommend this game to others. Even at the current discount price, buying this game now would support this atrocious move by Valve. Do not support the sale of mods by buying this game, and do not buy paid mods.]You were the chosen one Gaben.]Bethesda and Valve have started chargin money for mods. Within two days this is already killing the modding community. Despite community outcries Valve changes nothing.]Devs and Steam sold us out with this paid mod garbage. This WAS the game to buy for epic modding possibilities, which is why it is still played so much years later. That has changed, and the REAL cost for a PLAYABLE copy of Skyrim isn't $20, after all the texture packs and add ons from the modding 'community' you're looking at a price tag of around $100. Pass on this, or prepare to crack open your wallet perpetually.]If it was good it no longer is due to paid mods.  volvo and bejewsda for working together on this and their  jewing. The only reasonable way anyone is going to take them seriously is if they remove paid mods in general.]"Look we're already milking customers dry for money, why not began taxing people for mods, which have been free for decades!" "Great idea! everyone will love it when the best part of their game is now costing them $5 each." "New ways to support developers my , IF THE MOD MAKERS WANTED MONEY THEY WOULD HAVE ASKED FOR IT, AND THEY DEFINETLY WOULD NOT ASK FOR 25% OF IT! its monopolizing on something that has never before been monopolized on! And without mods lets face it, the graphics are crap and the game is bland, mods are what was making this game live longer. already an ENB is a pay mod. That's one less graphical enhancer out there. It is really sad because some of my favourite mods that are amazing now are pay to use. I don't think I will touch this game again until the pay for mods is out of here, I'm disapointed because if any developer decides to do this, your mod will be taken out of your game without notice and youll have to pay some odd 4 bucks for it. I think the word valve needs to learn is "DLC".]this game the addons cost money  you gaben]Paid mods are a load of]Skyrim overall is a ok game. There is good and bad. One of the main selling points to me has always been the massive modding community. Recent decisions have been made (Basically trying to turn the free thing into micro-transactions). I think this is a very poor choice and will have a widespread negative impact of what has been one of if not the biggest advantages to many of bethisida's game releases such as the elder scrolls series and fallout. Setting aside that those who make the mods (a process that can take countless hours) will only get 25% for what is primarily their creation. This attempt to monitise what has typically been absent of cost is a step in a direction that worries me greatly. It has all manner of issues (many mods are group efforts or use resources created to other modders for free, if you charge for a mod with things you do not own in it, what happens?). Over all I suspect this payed mods is going to stir up all manner of resentment, feuding, theft, plagiarism and hatred. I fear that this will have a toxic effect on the community and kill the goose that lays the golden egg (aka we had a good thing where nice people made stuff for the game, now there all gonna fight and no one will make good stuff any more).]Don't support garbage policies. Game is 10/10. Valve and Bethesda paid mods -10/10.]Mods should no go from being free for years to suddenly being put up for sale.]Paid mods. I'm waiting to see how this turns out, but it might mean moving to the next big game delivery platform.]TESV is Dead.]The only reason this game is still kicking is because of the modders. They spent alot of time fixing bugs that Bethesda refused to. The modification community of the game was a strong one with a deep passion for the Elder Scrolls. Money has thoroughly corrupted it thanks to Valve (Steam) and Bethesda with the implimintation of paying for mods. You can expect to spend a lot of money buying mods that make the game run as it was supposed to. You can also expect to purchase mods that are stolen from someone elses work. You can also expect to buy mods that will break the game or not function correctly, and you will not get a refund as steam will keep your money in a "steam wallet." For example one of the cornerstones of several mods involves a script extender. A certain program many people run on their pc will cause it not to work. This will in turn cause the mod you bought not to work. Again this game is incredibly buggy without modification, and it isn't right that you should have to do several microtransactions to get it there. On a side note, Bethesda makes a ludicrous profit off of the modders' work, work that Bethesda should have been doing in the first place when they released the game.]Oh boy, I get to pay for half- mods and  cash grabs now! Bethesda is cashing in on people making content and I sure as hell don't support that.]DLC is ruining the industry. I don't make enough money in life to afford something that used to be free.]Paid mods are ridiculous. This sets a dangerous precedent for the future of steam. Mods are by nature experimental, which makes them unstable. Customers are going to be paying for random crashes to desktop. You can make them as perfect as possible, but there is always going to be at least some issues. And judging by the amount of garbage that makes it through greenlight, you can be sure that a similar amount of trash quality mods are going to be put onto the steam paid workshop page. The game itself is amazing though.]What the  Valve seriously trying to make MORE money on content that should be free because: A) It is user created. and B) People buy the game on PC FOR THE MODS.They don't buy it so they could have the game. A good percentage of people have the console versions but switch in order to play Skyrim with a whole new feel but with out the incorporation of big business. You guys were champions of user created content and now look what you did you ruined it so you could make money. Well guess what you will make money but I hope that enough people see through this facade and you make nothing.]Negative review due to Valve introducing paid mods in the way that they have.]A DRM makes something that was previously free Cost money, ruining a community. Today is the day Mod Piracy becomes a thing. My suggestion Join the Crew you Landlubbers!]no paying for mods]Bethesda, monetizing mods and keeping 75% of the revenue has to be the most outrageous thing I've heard surrounding your company. Congratulations, your user review rating has fallen from 98% to 92%. I hope you're happy with this.]I don't review that many games on Steam. But I will not be giving this game a thumbs up. With Valve and Bethesda looking to make some serious dough under the guise of "helping content creators," we now have a bit of segregation in the modding scene. Modders who list their mods as paid are only seeing 25% of the money despite doing 90% of the work. We also have stolen mods that are free from their original source being posted as paid mods for some quick cash. Worse are some modders adding nag screens to the previous free version bugging players to pay for the mod. I am personally okay with modders making some money off their work, much like I'm in favor of YouTubers making money. But if any YouTuber were to paywall their channel, they'd be shafted because it disturbs the ecosystem so much. Modders, you should consider asking for donations instead, and not let Valve and Bethesda rob you of those contributions. It's very much like how YouTubers use Patreon and other services to help pay for the time and effort put into their work. Make that the standard, and I'm sure people will gladly toss some change your way. But paywalling your content, and worse, nagging people about why they haven't paid for the new version yet, is really low and tacky. This is more of an ethics review than a review of the actual game, I know, since I don't have much playtime on the PC version. But since it is a decision that was endorsed by the developer, I think it belongs here.]I love this game, but I can not reccomend it to anyone else for purchase. That goes for any other Bethesda product, past, present, or future. I will never pay for player mods, and I will never support mod authors or corporations who ask me to do so.]This game is truly amazing. However, these paid mods are a step in the wrong direction. They are atrocious.]So... Skyrim is a decent game. Not amazing. In fact, it's my least favourite of the TES games so far, considering how much of the game mechanices form the past have ben stripped form the game... But, that's not why I'm writing this. I'm writing this, because allowing the sale of mods is... ludacris. I have always been firmly against paying money for digital content that does nothing to improve the game, and I hold that stance in this matter. I feel that this is a huge mistake on Valve's part and a cheap delusion on the part of the authors.]Mods have been free since the concept was first invented, I'm disgusted that Valve would do this.]Paid mods for a game that's so old? Really Bethesda? Make some content yourself and don't leech of modders!]Is it aparent yet that paid mods was a stupid idea? The game is good, it always will be, Bethesda made it excellent. Then they gave us the tools to make it even better. Soon, modders who know they can make money stop posting to nexus. Then what? It's all over. Valve is just EA with a darker GUI.]100% of paid mod profits should go to mod creators. Either that or no paid mods.]pay2win in a dumb version. lol]Pay for mods!]This game is fine, really, but paying for mods? No thank you.]One of my favourite games destroyed by greed :(]Bethesda's abuse of modding makes me not want to support them]Given that there has been a movement issued in from Valve (the distributor of Skyrim on this platform) and Bethesda (the developer) to attempt to monotonize on community modding that has made the Elder Scrolls games so popular, I cannot in good faith recommend this game for those looking for something with huge replayability value.]i been playing skyrim for years and it is my favorite game but because of bethesda's an valve monetizing modding comunity im voting negative]Pay $20 for good review Mod]Skyrim... Could have been so much better, it's an average game... I feel Oblivion could've just had another expansion... It's not that great to be and elder scrolls game. Limited by obvious console diseases, some which can't be modded away. It's ridiculous that you need mods to have a game feel more complete, I finished this without mods. I can say that I am disappointed. Also with this new, pay for mod crap that just came out? Wow.. Just no. Play Gothic or something.. Or keep to Oblivion or Morrowind even... Better games.]paying for mods is ridiculous.]I love this game. Skyrim is a great game but that being said I'm going to have to give a thumbs down. Skyrim use to be a great game thanks to the modding community. Thanks to Steam and Bethesda this games modding community has fringed which made this game 100x better than vanilla.]Paid Mods... Do not support this new "feature."]I used to love this game, but then I took a paid mod to the knee.]Will not ever buy a mod]ugh don't support paid mods. very disappointing]Prepare for free mods to become nagware.]introducing paid mods was a terrible idea. just have a donate button where 100% of income or a high percentage goes to the developer.]Used to be a great game until paid mods came along]No Valve. Paid mods are wrong. You don't have enough quality control to put mods for money. I hope it doesn't kill the community for 25% for modders...]Great game but taking away the mods and making them pay to download ruins it. If you don't believe in paid mods please don't give them your business, don't buy this game. You can debate weather or not the modders should be paid all day but taking away something many of us got for free and demanding payment for it is not right. If you really felt this was a necessary next step it should have waited for the next game at release and not interrupted what has been doing so well for so long.]Paid mods. Screw you Bethesda. Screw you Valve.]>implying anyone uses the workshop anyway kek]Bethesda has had a long tradition of working hard through their development cycle to make sure that bugs are not fixed. It wouldn't even surprise me if Todd himself works overtime during the last few weeks to add more bugs in with how many one can find in not only Skyrim, but all Bethesda games. Not to mention Bethesda's tradition of removing features from each TES game. Remember spears and the multiple amounts of weapon and armour types such as short blade, long blade, blunt, unarmoured, light armour, medium armour, heavy armour, etc., in Morrowind? Remember how many of those were merged together or outright removed for Oblivion? Do you know how many are missing from Skyrim? Are you a grandfather that remembers that even Morrwind couldn't handle everything from Daggerfall? Fortunately, Bethesda leaves these games pretty wide open, and tons of modding communities sprouted up to not only fix all of Bethesda's lazy, half  attempts to release an unfinished game, but add in new content to add limitless hours of replayability. It's pretty bad when Bethesda's official patches don't do much aside from fixing FEW of the game breaking bugs and leaving everything else, and consumers have to rely on The Unofficial Morrwind/Oblivion/Skyrim patch to fix thousands (literally) of bugs that take only a few lines of code to fix. But I digress. As of April 24, 2015, the dream is dead. Valve and Bethesda have partnered to offer paid mods through the Steam Workshop, with little to no regulation at all, all while reaping a massive 75% of the profit, leaving mod creators with a measly 25%. While in the past, massive free overhauls such as Falskaar, the Unofficial Oblivion/Morrowind/Skyrim Patchs, the highly detailed armour sets, impressive new weapons, entirely new races could be found on many modding websites such as The Nexus with Bethesda's blessing, it appears that is no longer the case. For the low low price of your soul and dignity, you can get a bunch of cheap looking weapons from Dota 2 that don't even look like their Dota 2 counterparts, a HEV suit from Half Life 2 that absolutely fits into the culture and lore of Skyrim, and a Fishing Animation mod that's already been removed from the workshop because the mod creator hasn't been happy about how this whole debacle has been handled, but hey, it's not like fishing animiations should have been in the base game anyways right :^) Don't let this continue. Don't support  devs who can't release a finished game, then eat up their overpriced, paid mods that were made by community members that are offered for free on the Nexus. Bethesda has already done this once before with paid horse armour DLC for Oblivion. It was stupid then, it's even more  backwards now.]Workshop needs to remove paid mods. Ruins the modding community, and the spirit of what modding is all about. Will change once this is fixed.]Charging for mods? The way the gaming industry is going is horrible. There will be nothing left worth buying in the future. All the games will go to the way of Paid DLC, which will end up being "The full game can be yours with Three easy payments for $30" since you have to buy multiple DLC to get a full game now.]This was a great game with a vibrant moding comunity, sadly do the the institution of a pay wall for mods, its unlikely to continue being the great game it once was due to the loss of its moding comunity.]There are currently mods that cost more than the game itself. If paid mods continue, I will not buy Elder Scrolls VI, I don't care how wacky it is.]Bethesda is greedy. Support the Modders by cutting out your massive royalties. Until they change to receiving less than the modder, I cannot support this game or company any more. No longer a good buy.]It was good before but now we need to pay for mods. I really dont like it. What the gullible i-d-i-o-t-s who are in favor - or neutral - towards this toxic practice completely miss, is that teleologically speaking there is a certain objectivity to what ends up being beneficial to everyone in the long run and what doesn't. This objectivity (of what is good and what is bad) is correlated with ETHICS and that is what ensued this incurring torm. The people who say that this practice is legitimate are the same who won't mind loads of DLC, cut-content, on-disc DLC, season passes, micro-transactions, early access and the like. Please, do notice that all the previous examples have one thing in common: To detach you further away from your hard-earned money in exchange for an ever lesser service. Paid mods will result in legal conundrums of epic proportions since most DLC infringes on various IP copyrights at the same time, and with publishers meddling in a world previously untouched by corporate lawyers and legalese experts, WE THE GAMERS, in due time, will see our mods reduce in quality, variety and spectrum. In due time, Modders will also be substituted: From being enthusiastic fans who want to introduce new content to the games, to being money hungry s from poor countries who want a quick buck selling tasteless re-skins. These new modders will  themselves out to corporate interests in exchange for a meager 25%. Yet again publishers win and WE lose. This new practice is completely outrageous, no matter how one looks at it. The idea of paid mods is also against the spirit of entrepreneurship, voluntarism, and capitalism. It symbolizes the ascension of monetarism, and the commoditization of every single aspect of content creation.]Paying for mods? No thanks. I enjoyed my decade long time of a thriving community effort for content and I'd see it continue before the continuation of the DLC era extends to player created content. Rating the game a negative for this change.]want your good review? there's a 5$ mod for that]Bad business practices should not be rewarded.]Bad business practices should not be rewarded.]"There goes the modding scene" Wat have you done Valbe. Stahp. Pls. R.I.P. Oh and btw you can eat my shorts Valvthesda.]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious. Hoping Valve and other responsible parties for this new practice will turn around.]I spent a ton of money building a rig that could support a modded Skyrim, I don't want to pay for mods that used to be free.]Not impressed with the new paid mods.]This was a great game. I really enjoyed it. Community is really what makes an Elder Scrolls game and now that feeling is just, well, lost. Hopefully all this settles before Fallout 4, because I will not buy that game if I also have to purchase mods.]The game is great, paid mods are stupid. Wouldn't recommend for that reason.]Money grubbing on a 4 year old game? No thank you. As many hours as I have enjoyed Skyrim I can no longer play this game and enjoy myself seeing how far the platform and developer are willing to go to mees with the one thing that KEPT this game (and so many other buggy games) alive and still highly played well after their release cycle. With the new paid mods, so many efforts of the community which was fine with NO help from the dev or platform have been  down the drain. Skyrim is filled with bugs and some areas even unplayable without the use of mods. When a dev just leaves bug fixes to the community then trys to monetize that same community's hard work for their own game (75% of the cut really?) is it just disgusting. I will be moving all of my business to other websites and direct to the developers. Bethesda and Valve you had a good run but I really detest unherhandded business practices and blatant betrayal of the community. I will vote with my wallet until paid mods are fully removed. P.S. that "AMA" was so pandering and full of coporate double speak it wasn't even funny.]Protest review]Paid mods huh? Way to go Steam. We ing hate you.]everything. You know all what this is about.]Good game, mods made this game great. Bethesda and Valve decided to cash grab and paywall what made this game great. Don't buy it.]reddit told me to be upset about paid mods]This game honestly is barely passable stock. Tedious gameplay, horrible UI, bugs everywhere, some quests outright broken, etc. With mods, it can be a great game, but that can be a risk as well, since you will likely spend more time modding the game to make everything work together well, and even then you may run into issues further along in your gameplay which mean you're screwed. And that was fine for most, until paid mods through workshop became a thing. Paid mods, that have no QA, no support, and on top of that it looks like Steam has disabled comments/reviews for the paid mods. So you now have no way of knowing which mods are actually good, which may break your game (irreversibly is possible), which mods suck, which are copyright infringements, etc. Bethesda has long relied on the modding community to fix their games, and now that they make the lion's share of the profits from the mods, they have no incentive to improve their games, which means I will likely not be buying anymore Bethesda games. Too bad. I don't mind spending hours getting all my mods working together, working with TES5edit, wryebash, mod manager, screwing with load lists, install orders. But paying for the privilege of doing all that? I don't think so. If I'm going to pay for mods, they need to just work, just like DLC does.]You need to pay for mods now. Don't bother with this game.]The paywall for the mods ruins the game. Mods is what makes Skyrim.]GABEN HAS BETRAYED ME.. THESE MODS, THE MONEY, THIS GAME IS DEAD TO ME.]Paid mods? Heresy most dark and foul!]Absolutely sick of what the gaming world is turning into. Paid mods? On PC? Ugh. What was once usually passion projects or people simply tinkering around with a game they enjoy is now becoming yet another money grab by Steam. Whilst I certainly support modders being credited and rewarded for their efforts, in such a way as set prices seems downright wrong to me. What we have here is the modding equivalent of Oblivion Horse Amour. If such a system exists, it should be a donation only system and not a straight up marketplace.]While the game is still good, I can no longer recommend it to anyone because of the paid mods feature.]A dangerous precedent has been set by Valve, Bethesda and those modders who choose to go pay to play, sadly the last Bethesda game i will be buying unless monetized mods are removed.]I only have a little over an hour. This game doesn't grab me and I wouldn't play more if it weren't for the mods. Mods was one of the best parts of this. Paid mods? More like ugh.]come on steam. you ed up]Paid mods? Fail.]Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10 Skyrim with mods: 11/10 Skyrim with paid mods: 0/10]0/10 for intoducing paid mods.]>:[ Why valve? why?]I've played a lot of Skyrim. Here are some highlights; Paid mods Paid mods Paid mods *SPOILERS* Paid mods Being able to still have fun with a 4 year-old game. 1/10. Don't buy this or any of the "Mods" *cough* DLC *cough*]After a very long time of playing Skyrim, I have decided my verdict. Although it took a long time to come to terms with my self-deception, I believe I can finally give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim an unbiased review. The gameplay of Skyrim is largely based on the Action-RPG genre, similar to the previous installment Oblivion, but different from Morrowind. You can choose to see the world through either the third or first person. Through that decision you use weapons that you can upgrade, but also grow in strength through your character's skill level (that is increased by your continued use of the type of weapon) to kill everything considered hostile without a second's thought. Item and gold management is largely useless at higher difficulties and is fairly pointless at lower ones as well. Potions can be spammed in combat by pausing the game world to access your inventory. Gold buys nothing you can't loot from the corpses you laid out on your journey towards wherever you happened to be going at that time. Using the smith skill, you can get all the best items for your level exactly when they are available and most times before even that. Dungeons are just a sequence of rooms with enemies in them that you have to kill to get to the end. After that you just take a conveniently stupid shortcut right back to the entrance. There is generally nothing unique about any of them. Just a single track to follow from the entrance to the end like something out of WoW. You can become the guild leader of all the guilds in a single playthrough after just a single questline each. Most of the quests are so boring and uninteresting that they just stay in your quest journal for the rest of time because you can't be bothered to complete them. The one's that are interesting are over in a half hour to an hour. The writing is stunted by lack of imagination, the world is horribly vanilla for a TES game (less so than Oblivion thankfully) populated with generic vikings, romans, and evil nazis. The main questline can be largely abandoned for the more interesting side-quests (and often is), and the implementations of dragons and dragon shouts becomes boring after killing a hundred or so. The skills system is also uninspired. I imagine it started with the idea that your skills improve the more you use them. This is true, to an extent. However, the fact that they still incorporated a leveling system along side the use-based skills becomes frustrating. They blended their new system with the old one and it becomes counterintuitive. Leveling up, you are given the choice of upgrading your health, magica, or stamina and you are given one point to put into whatever skill you choose. While the original stats system may be hard to grasp by newcomers to the series, the continued casualization of the series just feels like a betrayal to the crowd that helped build it. All of the things I have mentioned are all symptoms of Bethedsa reaching out to a wider audience. Just like they did with Oblivion. I do not agree with this practice. This is not to say Skyrim is a bad game. Just not the game it could have been.]Why pay for this game, pay for its DLC AND pay for its mods? Because you're a shill.]Great game, poor choice in trying to monetize mods]Charging for mods is about the greediest thing you can do, and changes what was once done out of love and a desire to make something better into a cashgrab. All you had to do was implement a tip jar, Valve. That's all you had to do.]Paid mods have ruined the game. It is something that should never have happened, and no one should continue to pay Bethesda for what they have done.]So long as Valve are pushing paid mods for the game, I cannot give it a positive review.]Thumbs down. You all know why.]negative reviewing becuase of the money grab and community killing decision to take 75% of income away from mod creators.]Monetizing mods for the majority profit of the dev is not cool in my book.]I simply cannot recommend a game with paid user created content]I dislike the pay for mods. Making money off of modders is a joke]I disagree with piad modding. You are destorying the PC gaming community.]great game but i wouldnt have payed for mods...]Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve.]You can purchase this review for only 3,74, of those 2,8 goes to Valve.]Paying For Mods? Valve and Bethesda is Crashing this game with no Survivors.]Adding paid mods takes away the essence of what made the game so great.]The game is not optomized for PCs, particularly with the User Interface. Bethesda making money off mods that fix issues that were created because they did not make the effort to make this game better for PCs is terrible.]Paying for mods? No thanks.]This game is borderline unplayable without the mods. Now that mods are paid without any level of quality assurance, I don't see how I would play this game.]BATHESDA: ITS IN THE GAME...wait a second......]Now that mods are monetized with no quality control or gurantee, would not recommend. Will not be buying future Bethesda products if they continue this trend. Vanilla was buggy and 6/10 at best.]Putting in my two cents about the EA tier money grabbing.]Skyrim belongs to the mods.]Absolutely disgraceful. This is how I would describe how Valve and Bethesda are acting, and how much this decision to do paid mods has destroyed the community for this game.]I can't in good conscience support what Steam is attempting to do with the Workshop. In principle, I think modders should have some means of being compensated for the work they do...but in practice, I'm extremely concerned with the way they attempted to implement this. I urge Valve to reconsider this course of action.]Needs a crapload of mods to work. Oh and the mods also might conflict with eachother resulting in more crap. Unpolished, buggy as hell, simplistic boring smash buttons combat system, shallow empty world,  tier quests compared to Oblivion.]Paid mods have made this game all for the worse. Sad to see things go this way.]I'm forced to pay for mods now? Why not give me the option to donate? Back to nexus.]Skyrim is a good game no doubt about it and the various mods that have been made for close to 4 years now are a testimony of that . Modding is about sharing and bulding a strong community , it's about passion for gaming , hiding mods behind a paywall will divide us . These types of practice are unforgivable and trying to bleed people dry will only justify pirating. Valve and Bethesda have open the pandora box and Skyrim is the first nail in the coffin of PC Gaming .]Do not support paid mods.]Morrowind was better Oblivion was better Skyrim was always a little "off" but alot of people made it better with mods, and I've heard that's down the drain now so oh well.]I love this game but paying for mods is BS!! put in a optional donation button!! not happy stEAm!!!]Would love to say that everyone should play this game, but because of paid mods, I'm changing my review to negative. Valve should not be hiding community made features behind a paywall. Why not just add a donate button to mod's pages? Because by putting them behind a paywall Valve can take money from the money paid from the mods. This is a shameful display of greed from Valve.]Nope]I cannot in good conscience recommend a game when it is the flagship for an unreasonable expansion in DLC policy. Regardless of the quality of the game itself, its incorporation in the new scheme of paid modding is sufficient in my eyes to receive a negative review.]Terrible policy of allowing mods to become paid. Clearly just trying to suck every last bit of profit from this game to support the millstone that is ESo.]The paywall for the mods ruins the game. Mods is what makes Skyrim.]GABEN HAS BETRAYED ME.. THESE MODS, THE MONEY, THIS GAME IS DEAD TO ME.]Paid mods? Heresy most dark and foul!]Absolutely sick of what the gaming world is turning into. Paid mods? On PC? Ugh. What was once usually passion projects or people simply tinkering around with a game they enjoy is now becoming yet another money grab by Steam. Whilst I certainly support modders being credited and rewarded for their efforts, in such a way as set prices seems downright wrong to me. What we have here is the modding equivalent of Oblivion Horse Amour. If such a system exists, it should be a donation only system and not a straight up marketplace.]While the game is still good, I can no longer recommend it to anyone because of the paid mods feature.]A dangerous precedent has been set by Valve, Bethesda and those modders who choose to go pay to play, sadly the last Bethesda game i will be buying unless monetized mods are removed.]I only have a little over an hour. This game doesn't grab me and I wouldn't play more if it weren't for the mods. Mods was one of the best parts of this. Paid mods? More like ugh.]come on steam. you ed up]Vanilla Skyrim: 7/10 Skyrim with mods: 11/10 Skyrim with paid mods: 0/10]0/10 for intoducing paid mods.]>:[ Why valve? why?]I've played a lot of Skyrim. Here are some highlights; Paid mods Paid mods Paid mods *SPOILERS* Paid mods Being able to still have fun with a 4 year-old game. 1/10. Don't buy this or any of the "Mods" *cough* DLC *cough*]After a very long time of playing Skyrim, I have decided my verdict. Although it took a long time to come to terms with my self-deception, I believe I can finally give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim an unbiased review. The gameplay of Skyrim is largely based on the Action-RPG genre, similar to the previous installment Oblivion, but different from Morrowind. You can choose to see the world through either the third or first person. Through that decision you use weapons that you can upgrade, but also grow in strength through your character's skill level (that is increased by your continued use of the type of weapon) to kill everything considered hostile without a second's thought. Item and gold management is largely useless at higher difficulties and is fairly pointless at lower ones as well. Potions can be spammed in combat by pausing the game world to access your inventory. Gold buys nothing you can't loot from the corpses you laid out on your journey towards wherever you happened to be going at that time. Using the smith skill, you can get all the best items for your level exactly when they are available and most times before even that. Dungeons are just a sequence of rooms with enemies in them that you have to kill to get to the end. After that you just take a conveniently stupid shortcut right back to the entrance. There is generally nothing unique about any of them. Just a single track to follow from the entrance to the end like something out of WoW. You can become the guild leader of all the guilds in a single playthrough after just a single questline each. Most of the quests are so boring and uninteresting that they just stay in your quest journal for the rest of time because you can't be bothered to complete them. The one's that are interesting are over in a half hour to an hour. The writing is stunted by lack of imagination, the world is horribly vanilla for a TES game (less so than Oblivion thankfully) populated with generic vikings, romans, and evil nazis. The main questline can be largely abandoned for the more interesting side-quests (and often is), and the implementations of dragons and dragon shouts becomes boring after killing a hundred or so. The skills system is also uninspired. I imagine it started with the idea that your skills improve the more you use them. This is true, to an extent. However, the fact that they still incorporated a leveling system along side the use-based skills becomes frustrating. They blended their new system with the old one and it becomes counterintuitive. Leveling up, you are given the choice of upgrading your health, magica, or stamina and you are given one point to put into whatever skill you choose. While the original stats system may be hard to grasp by newcomers to the series, the continued casualization of the series just feels like a betrayal to the crowd that helped build it. All of the things I have mentioned are all symptoms of Bethedsa reaching out to a wider audience. Just like they did with Oblivion. I do not agree with this practice. This is not to say Skyrim is a bad game. Just not the game it could have been.]Why pay for this game, pay for its DLC AND pay for its mods? Because you're a shill.]Great game, poor choice in trying to monetize mods]Charging for mods is about the greediest thing you can do, and changes what was once done out of love and a desire to make something better into a cashgrab. All you had to do was implement a tip jar, Valve. That's all you had to do.]Paid mods have ruined the game. It is something that should never have happened, and no one should continue to pay Bethesda for what they have done.]So long as Valve are pushing paid mods for the game, I cannot give it a positive review.]Don't buy this game until Valve removes this atrocious pay for mod  where they steal 75% of the profits.]Another great game ruined by greed.]Changing my review of the game to negative. I am not against the idea of supporting modders for their efforts but the newly introduced system on the workshop is deeply flawed, e.g. using other modders resources and charging for them, stealing content and outragous prices (base game for 5, starter pack of mods for 26)and taking a 75% cut between bethesda and valve for work they didn't do themselves. I recommend everyone to go to the nexus and support content you like through their donation system]A gorgeous open world game, steeped in its own mythology, with sharp, tactile melee combat and satisfying archery (I've never got on with magic in Elder Scrolls games, but that's purely personal preference). Both the graphics and art design are great, making simply wandering around immersive. You can ignore the main questline if you wish - it's a so-so "you are the chosen one save us all" fantasy affair - which is not a problem as there is so much else to do. Personally I tend towards wandering and enjoying the harsh, wintry vistas that seem to be around every other corner, occasionally stumbling into a long-forgotten dungeon to explore and loot. When the novelty wears off and you start to see through the smoke and mirrors (simplistic NPC's and AI, small and underpopulated towns and villages, there's a multiplicity of mods for the game that do everything from expanding and populating the land, creating more realistic weather, improving textures, adding quests and characters (often fully voiced)... well, you see the point, it's an Elder Scrolls game, and it's the mods that are the big draw for a lot of players. And here's the rub. I'm not against donating to modders - these folk put their heart and soul into making games different, better, more varied, even fixing bugs... but the payment model being tested on Skyrim by Valve and Bethesda is both grossly unfair to the modders who receive only a 25% cut with the rest being pure profit for the companies, and has already led to some horribly perverse outcomes, with one paid mod taken down already for using others' assets without permission, and DMCA claims against another. Numerous mods have vanished from the Nexus website as modders pull their work for fear it will be stolen. Meanwhile it's very likely that the mod store will fill with dross put out to make a quick buck, and it is very unclear exactly what and with whom we as consumers are transacting, and hence what our rights are. What happens if a mod works as intended but is abandoned? Much like greenlight, the community is not going to be able to effectively police quality - the flood of rubbish into the Steam store recently is testament to this. Now it seems likely that modding, currently a wonderful and integral part of PC gaming, is going the same way for the sake of a quick buck. There's better ways to do this, so why can't modders, players, devs and Valve work it out, rather than have yet another ill-thought-through scheme forced on us?]The game itself is great and the modding is fantastic, but now we have to put up with paid mods from Valve so I'm giving a thumbdown just for this. As if the Steam Workshop isn't  enough.... Serious, fire whoever the  give this idea a green light.]Pay for gamebraking  mods with no support.]You were the chosen one! You were supposed to stop the s Not join them]Skyrim Vanilla is at best a 5/10. The default UI is awful and there are thousands of bugs. This is not an exaggeration, the Vanilla game requires a lot of mods to be enjoyable. Skyrim With Free Mods is 10/10. The modders have fixed the game for the developers. They have done it out of love for the game. They have used free resources and free collaboration to make this happen. Skyrim With Paid Mods is 1/10. Now the developers wants the customers to pay them play a game that is not broken. Greedy modders now uses a paywall even though their mod was created in a system that shared information and resources with each other. These modders should be ashamed of themselves but money > shame.]Beware of a game that rips of gamers and modders, for the profit of Bethesda and Steam.]Skryim is a good game, but what made it great was the mods. The decision made by Bethesda and Valve to monetize on mods I feel demolishes the great community created by the modders, had there been a tip jar with a better split of the money between the modders and Bethesda/Valve it would have been different. This just stinks of greed, so for now I recommend looking elsewhere for a great experience.]just to downvote paid mod]"What's the best thing about Skyrim ?" "Its free mods" "Let's make not-free-anymore !" "Brilliant" -Some brilliant employees]vanilla skyrim: 6.5/10 skyrim with mods: 11/10 skyrim with paid mods -1/10]Paid mods will ruin gaming. Do not buy.]How to  off the internet: 1) Make people pay money for mods. 2) Give an outrageously small amount of the money to the actual makers of the mod. How to fix this situation: Make a very simple pay-what-you-want system that starts at 0, ZERO.]Had to sell my house so i could pay for all my mods]The vanilla, unmodded game of Skyrim, at its core, is mediocre at best. The mods and the modding community have made this game what it is, SO many years after release. The entire pay-to-use mod structure has ruined the game and the wonderful modding communities that had once collaborated without money in mind. Getting this game now is a MISTAKE. You will regret it. You will end up paying DOZENS times more for mods than the game itself costs. Don't support this horrendous, greedy system and don't buy this game.]This game is near perfect if you wish to ignore the "paid-mod" issue. However, I like many passionate gamers disagree with introduction of paid mods. What if free mods become ad-infested spyware like mobile apps tend to be? What if publisher decides to ban free mods in favor of paid mods? What if a mod you buy continually crashes your game? What if a mod you buy is incompatible with another paid or free mod? What if a paid mod developer decides to abandon a mod, leaving you with an incompatible broken mess? Too many "what ifs" to ignore.]This game has been kept alive with mods, these mods are the only reason I still play. Hiding mods behind a paywall is a horrible idea. The amount of money people would have to spend (and sometimes waste) only to have things not work, it's not worth it. Mods are part of the community not the market (I guess they are now one in the same).]Was a great game until greed and avarice came in to the picture. Sad day for gamers everywhere.]Bethesda relies on community modders for bug free experience. Now that they also want money for something that they should have been doing themselves at the first place, I can't recommend this game any longer.]It's a great game, but I won't support paid mods.]It was fun for a bit but then it got boring. I decided to get some mods to spice up the game but upon further inspection they cost money which is complete . I don't know who thought it would be a good idea to sell mods for money but I would fire them, rehire them then fire them again. What a dirtbag. ~0/10 I would never recommend this trash to someone unless the paid mods cease to exist. GG Valve and Bethesda.]Get rid of paid mods]NO...NO.NO.NONONO NONONONONONONO!NO!NO!NO!NO!NO!NO!!NO!!NO!!NO!!NO!!!!!!NO!!!!!!!!!!!! you can read the other 3 parts of my review for $1.99ea]I've always modded the  out of skyrim and the decision to take money for mods, i dont like to play it anymore]Now that Valve is charging people for mods, nothing about the PC version is better. Go buy your ps3/xbox360 hard copy and enjoy the sh*tty vanilla version if you'd like. At least it won't be locked behind DRM.]Thanks for payed mods]Mods are now behind a paywall with only 25% going to the actual makers.Adding a donation button would be much more beneficial.]Fantastic game, from what I thought was a fantastic studio. I'm not sure who is pulling the financial strings, but I am really disappointed in both Bethesda and Valve for trying to muscle their way into a community built by users, for users, and which functions solely on merit. Now it is turning into just another money-grab. Shame.]Skyrim without mods: 3/10 Skyrim with mods: 10/10]As a mod developer (albeit not for Skyrim) myself, this whole paywall BS is ridiculous. It has resulted in thousands of mods from Nexus being ripped off and put behind pay-walls by people who haven't even installed the mod. Now there will be people who do (for some god forsaken reason) pay for their mods, and they will now demand support for mods, as- well, mods break each other for at least one reason or another. Well done Valve, you've finally broken the camel's back. Greenlight? Terrible. Early Access? Well, let's not even bother with that. Maybe now PC gamers will see that the monopoly of Steam over PC gaming is not the best thing since sliced bread (and god damnit sliced bread is amazing), and will look into more ways of playing their games. Good work Valve. Good ing work.]G ING G VOLVO and BADTHESDA trying to make mods as DLC 2.0. Horse armors were the beginning of the end and here we are now...]The world is changed. I feel it in the water. I feel it in the earth. I smell it in the air. Much that once was, is lost, for none now live who remember it.]Introducing paid mods? No thank you.]First Review I've ever done. Skyrim with mods: 11/10 Vanilla Skyrim: 5/10 Skyrim with mods you have to purchase: 0/10 would never play again. Hope you are happy Valve. I cannot recommend this game in good conscience.]I like to make mods as a hobby, simple ones that people can use for free. Adding Monetized mods are BS and you know it, Gabe. I won't be buying anything from steam until paid mods are taken off of the steam workshop and we get an apology.]Valve really needs to get their  together, fix their customer support and first consult their player base/customers about these types of changes.]Paying for mods and valve is taking 75%. Nice]It is a decent game (Still not nearly as good as Morrowind, you can check out my review for that if you're interested in my thoughts on it) at best. Without mods its a bland-looking, bug-ridden, click-spam combat hack and slash game. The story is mediocre and the "dumbing down" of the series shows. If you get it cheap ($5-$15 with all the DLC) then yeah it's worth it. I however bought it at launch, which I sorely regret doing. However! With mods, the game is certainly much better. From graphics, to gamepay, it's just all around better. But I am not reviewing Skyrim Modded, I'm reviewing Vanilla Skyrim, so I'll have to stick to my negative review.]Around the time I graduated high school, I found this great game called Morrowind. The story was engrossing, the world immersive - and, as I soon came to discover, the game was heavily moddable. This meant that even though I had already played through a good portion of this game and was soon to finish, I could replay it and have a very different experience. And I did. SO MUCH. I even created my own underground lair with the editor. It was amazing. Needless to say, mods and the modding community really set the scene for Bethesda's TES series and has been a major driver behind its wild popularity. Fast forward to Skyrim. I no longer have the time to sink into creating my own material these days, but I still run a little over 100 mods. These mods breathe a life into the game well beyond its vanilla experience such that I've sunk over 600 hours into play time. Would I have done this if all of these mods cost me a couple dollars each? Would I be so smitten with the series still even after all these years? Hell no. Like most folks out there, I am not made of money. I live on a budget. I am not going to pay two hundred, three hundred, four hundred dollars for a video game. I will donate to the community when I can - A community that has done very well for itself without this hairbrained forced mods-4-cash scheme so far, mind you - and I appreciate all the time and effort the modders have put into their work. Bethesda/Valve don't really seem to appreciate this effort quite so much, with their 75% cut off the back of folks who are breathing life into their games and keeping sales going for FAR longer than they would have if the games were locked to modders. In light of recent events and the hollow words of Gabe Newell on his Reddit AMA which seem to point to a continued mods fer' sale on Steam existence - I would not recommend Skyrim or the Elder Scrolls series going forward.]Don\t charge the community to fix the game for you, plz.]Please consider donating to those creators of your favorite mods who declared all their mods will always be free. Those are the ones that deserve it. But do it in a way that gives them the majority, or even all of the money that you send.]Game is alright with mods, but now with Bethesda and Valve's decision to monetize mods, I cannot recommend this game. Greed at its finest.]Was once an shining example for what mods can do for a game.]It's a good game but the new practice of selling mods is being handled without any form of consideration for the consumer, and as such I feel the overall quality of the game is going to suffer for this. Think about these mods in terms of quality, forget about the fact they've been made by an outside entity; you're essentially paying for early access DLC that might not even be compatible with other early access DLC. There's no form of quality assurance whatsoever, Valve have a no refund policy, and I'm not even sure what the legality of the situation is in regards to ESRB ratings. If you want to buy the game or any of the official DLC, go ahead, but stay away from the modding content with a price tag until there's some form of quality assurance.]High definition horse genitalia, 99.99 USD! Man, i love this game.]It's quite apparent that the purchasing of mods is an unethical abomination.]As much as I get wanting to support the mod devs, that's what the donate button was for, 75% of revenue to valve is not supporting the devs.]I loved this game until I had to pay for something that was normally free. Mods.]Game is Good Payable mods not , not supporting moneygrubbing for no work of the company.]Paid mods ruins the game, and it ruins the modding community!]The accomplice to the crime of corruption is frequently our own indifference.]Stupid greedy  .....]No. If you support this paid mods , then disregard this.]This was a  console port when it first arrived on the pc. Years of modding made it excellent. I will be happy to change my review of this game to good if Valve and Bethesda buy my 'inexplicably high ratings while screwing your customers and fans' mod, which by amazing coincidence is the same price as refunding me all 259 steam games I have bought over the years.]I have enjoyed Skyrim for more than 400 hours, no thanks to Bethesda and their bug-riddled pile of crap, but thanks to the dedicated modders that polished the turd until it was a gem. Enough is enough. I am not against modders earning a bit of cash for their work, but this implementation is insulting beyond reason. The ENTIRE reason that Skyrim is still one of the most popular games in the world is BECAUSE OF THE MODDERS, yet they only receive 25% off their work? The announcement and the secrecy up untill then, the lack of information, discussion, and the outright banning of dissenting voices in STEAM discussions speaks volumes of how much Bethesda and Valve value us a customers. All the Goodwill Bethesda had built with me by being one of the only AAA developers to offer extensive modding support has vanished, and I will not buy FO4, the next Dishonoured or other Bethesda games. GabeN's insulting AMA on Reddit where he did everything he could to do damagecontrol by the Corporate  book. In the past I have supported Steam by usually buying my games (so far more than 200) through this service, ven if alternatives existed, but NO MORE. I have already bought Witcher III on GOG instead, as a protest, and in the future I will never buy anything directly from Steam again. It will be NUUVEM, HumbleBundle or GOG when available A stand against Corporate greed and for the good of the modding community needs to be taken, and thus I can't recommend Skyrim at this time.]How to kill a community: The Game]screw valve and bethesda, your paid mods are gonna screw you guys!]Paid for mods....How low can ou really get -_- very disapointing. Even if it is an option its still such as stupid Idea.]vanilla skyrim: 6.5/10 skyrim with mods: 11/10 skyrim with paid mods -1/10]Paid mods will ruin gaming. Do not buy.]How to  off the internet: 1) Make people pay money for mods. 2) Give an outrageously small amount of the money to the actual makers of the mod. How to fix this situation: Make a very simple pay-what-you-want system that starts at 0, ZERO.]Had to sell my house so i could pay for all my mods]The vanilla, unmodded game of Skyrim, at its core, is mediocre at best. The mods and the modding community have made this game what it is, SO many years after release. The entire pay-to-use mod structure has ruined the game and the wonderful modding communities that had once collaborated without money in mind. Getting this game now is a MISTAKE. You will regret it. You will end up paying DOZENS times more for mods than the game itself costs. Don't support this horrendous, greedy system and don't buy this game.]This game is near perfect if you wish to ignore the "paid-mod" issue. However, I like many passionate gamers disagree with introduction of paid mods. What if free mods become ad-infested spyware like mobile apps tend to be? What if publisher decides to ban free mods in favor of paid mods? What if a mod you buy continually crashes your game? What if a mod you buy is incompatible with another paid or free mod? What if a paid mod developer decides to abandon a mod, leaving you with an incompatible broken mess? Too many "what ifs" to ignore.]This game has been kept alive with mods, these mods are the only reason I still play. Hiding mods behind a paywall is a horrible idea. The amount of money people would have to spend (and sometimes waste) only to have things not work, it's not worth it. Mods are part of the community not the market (I guess they are now one in the same).]Was a great game until greed and avarice came in to the picture. Sad day for gamers everywhere.]Pay for mods? Absolutely disgusting.]Charging for mods is pretty weak.]Nice basic game, but the many different mods really make it shine. Now that Bethesta is trying to monetize the work of the modders while only paying them 25%, I dont think future players can have the same enjoyment playing that I had.]The game itself is a masterpiece, the mods make the game 100x better. Why am i not recommending the game? Valve and Bethesdas' pay for mods program. What a load of utter . Valve, Bethesda, get rid of this  ASAP and replace with a donate button, similar to what we have on the Nexus. Do this and i'll change my recommendation to "yes".]I still do not understand what good paid mods could bring to games like this. These games have always had a dedicated modding community that have pretty much made the game as popular and enjoyable as it is today. Within hours of its implementation, it has pretty much split the modding community, angered thousands of Valve and TES fans, and caused major damage to the modding community. I will not support paid mods, I don't want the modding community filled with loving, highly respectable creators to be turned into another cash cow just like games did once DLC started getting abused.]......................//) ....................,/../ .................../..../ .............//'...'/` ........../'/.../..../......./\ ........('(.......... ~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _. ............\..............( ..............\.............\.. you bethesd]poor form changing the mods to paid. cant support this.]This game is unplayable without mods. Bethesda never bug checks or fixes any of their software. Imagine paying $5 for vanilla Skyrim, then $6 for a magic fix package (a la Midas Magic.) Don't take your chances. You are not purchasing a game, you are pruchasing a modding expansion base. If the mods are behind a paywall, you can easily pay hundreds of dollars just to bring the game up the standards it set with a fully modded installation.]just jumping on the bandwagon]Say NO to paid mods!]Downloaded this game and was dissapointed at the very beginning when the guys in the wagon with me were talikng to me but no sound came from their mouths. Then when we got to the execution point nothing happened. It just stopped and they were just staring doing nothing. Waited 15 minutes and nothing happened (Noticed that the horses were still moving even though into a wall and the driver was still wipping the horses?) So I installed earlier version of Direct X. Same problem. :( :(]Modders should make a lot more than 25% for their own creation. But the fact steam is forcing people to pay money to use their system when you can find the same mods free elsewhere]PAID MODS??? NO, JUST NO!! I am deeply disappointed in Bethesda about this. Skyrim and the fallout series is one of my favorite games and when i saw they introduce this. Just no! I think there should only be one option and that is: pay what you want AKA a donation.]this was an average game that was made better by the mods. Paying for somene else to fix your game is beyond stupid.]Unless a very large U-Turn is done, which at this point I sadly find very unlikely, I shall not be recommending and supporting a developer exploiting a system for their own greed]Get rid of paid mods Valve.]Read all previous posts about pay walls. Good game until it happened]The vanilla story of Skyrim is basic at best, the openworld was good for it's time but hasn't aged well. It's a fun game to play once, that is if you don't mod the game. Mods are an essential part of what makes the Elder Scroll series good, now that Valve and Bethesda have effectively killed the modding community I would not recommend this game. Maybe pirate it.]First I'd like to point out that the game itself is fantastic, and it is through the multitude of mods that make it so damn amazing. Now that Steam is supporting paid mods, more and more content is and will be put behind pay walls. Welcome to the new era of DLC, DLC that the company itself doesn't have to make. I do not support Steams idea of paid mods. The workshops will be flooded with absolute crap mods that took little time to make in an effort to make a quick buck. I highly doubt anyone who plays this game doesn't have a long list of mods they run, many running over fifty mods. Now imagine having to pay for all the mods you use, basically doubling the cost of the game, or more. Hopefully the majority of mod makers do not jump on this bandwagon and can see that steam is just trying to use them to make more money. Because of this decision I have changed my review to negative, and I hope both Steam and Bethesda sees the folly of their decision. **EDIT** Apparently the split is only 25% for the actual modders, so they do the work and only get 1/4th of the earnings. Shows exactly what Valve's intentions are: Money.]The Skyrim Workshop HAD always been a great place for discovering community-made mods. Starting now, the Workshop is also a great place for community content creators to GET BENT OVER AND SODOMIZED by selling their greatest works. AND ONLY GETTING 25% Check out the latest creations HERE.]microtransactions dlc pay4mods no thanks!]Otherwise average RPG, made good my countless FREE mods is now probably the most hated game on the internet right now. Bethesda, good job stomping your entire company into oblivion with PAID mods that have no control check. Great f***ing job.]Without mods this game is OK, with mods it's brilliant. Putting the mods behind a pay-wall makes me not want to recommend anyone buy it any more. Making people pay for mods means they are not mods anymore, they are DLC. And I can't recommend a game that is only fun with a load of extra DLC. Big thumbs down.]Mods made the game better and now they want $$ for other peoples work ? HELL NO !]Bethesda games. Notoriously buggy at launch with poor AI and UI are often only fixed through mods, well, say goodbye to that happening from now on with paid mods. Based off how this game originally released and what the future holds, I cannot recommend]Ya blew it.]DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, YOU WILL SUPPORT VALVE'S AND BETHESDA'S TERRIBLE NEW MOD POLICIES In case you have been living under a rock, Bethesda and VALVe have introduced paid mods for Skyrim. This is not only problematic because this was a service previously free, but because it is a system that can be easily exploited (which is what is happening). On top of that, the modder himself only gets a small cut of the profits if a mod gets sold. VALVe/Bethesda get around 75% of the revenue made off of said mod, which is absolutely inexcusable. DO NOT SUPPORT THIS  BUSINESS]Paying for mods will kill this game]Just joining the hate waggon]Bethesda and Valve are steering PC gaming down the wrong path by implementing monetized modding and they're using Skyrim as a spearhead. As such, I cannot recommend this game to newcomers, despite my love for it. At this stage of Skyrim's life, modding is what's keeping it alive for the vast majority that play it including myself. To put mods behind a paywall is opening up a huge can of worms that can only be detrimental to the future of the platform and must be stopped before it advances too far. For further reading refer the Forbes article on the most important points - http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/04/24/valves-paid-skyrim-mods-are-a-legal-ethical-and-creative-disaster/]First off let me start by saying this is a fantastic game and has been potentially ruined by recent events. Now I do think that Mod developers should be able to receive money for their work I don think it should have been handled in the way it has. Why not simply add a donate button and valve take a 10-15% cut for doing all the hosting etc and then give the original Dev around 10% which would leave the mod creator around 75% of the money for 100% of the work. 2 weeks ago this review would have been positive but now, well see for yourself...]A one-time payment of $2.99 is required to access this review piece.]The quality of the TES franchise has always been iffy, whether it be the poor combat of morrowind, dodgey iron sights in NV or the shockingly bad UI in skyrim, but at the same time free mods have always been around to fix up Bethesda's bad ideas and shameful lack of quality control. HOWEVER, now that valve and Bethesda are pushing to monetise the modding community with paid mods, it becomes difficult to recommend Skryim to anyone, knowing that at some point in the future the ability to fix Bethesda's numerous gameplay misteps and bugs might become what is effectively quite expensive third-party DLC. Moreover, paid modding is genuinely offensive in many ways, given that Bethesda (and valve) are taking 75% of mod revenue for essentially not only failing to make a good game, but taking away one of the key selling points of the PC version of this game after the fact. I would in no way recommend this game, nor future games in the TES franchise.]This game supports paid mods; I do not. Vanillas Skyrim is a snoozefest.]Paid mods. This is ridiculous.]Was good until they started charging for mods.]Protesting the clunky and greedy manner in which paid mods are introduced. Bethesda will go to no end to monetize Skyrim, including ripping the heart out of a community of fans who spent a truly staggering amount of hours improving the game. Be aware that your experience may change in an instant if Bethesda deems it profitable.]over rated and overall MEH.]Paid mods are an outrage.]Paid mods WHAT THE F*CK??????]Bethesda have lost my respect. Valve have lost my love. While Skyrim is a great game (only thanks to help of mods) I cannot recommend a game whose developers are not just downright greedy but cause a community of unpaid people who saved their buggy mess of a game to be thrown out into the rain for their own profit, for shame. And to vlave who let this happen, they are even worse.]Skyrim- Paving the road fora future of paid mods. Shame on you.]I sadly cannot give this game a good review... I will not pay for mods. I had hundreds of hours of enjoyment with mods that will likely soon have a pricetag, and for what!? It hurts to know something you enjoyeed so much now has a price. What's next? Adding content every few months to make more money??? Oh wait...]Wow. I don't believe it. Not only has Zenimax figured out a way to be even MORE lazy and ignorant in making a videogame, but also wants to ruin everyone else's fun by selling something that has always been considered free and from the heart. I understand that the videogame press has decided to defend this choice, simply put a 'paywall for mods', but when have they ever been right? I mean lets apply this to reality. We know that modders can code better than any Bethesda employee, see bug fixes and Skyrim Script Extender, but what if Bethesda was an automobile dealer? Ask yourself this question before you even consider purchasing this game, or any mods: should you ever have to pay to have a factory defect fixed on a car? If you answered yes, please consider celibacy and renounce civilization. You're better off swinging from the trees.]Down with this sort of thing!]Down with this sort of thing!]Review turned negative after the introduction of paid mods.]with the new paid mods everything will go to]Whilst the game gives a solid platform and the core story is reasonably good, the real meat of the game comes from the extensive modding community. Whilst this has always been a huge selling point for PC gaming, Valve and Bethesda are currently attempting to turn this wonderful aspect of PC gaming into something they can exploit the community with for $$$ The idea of paying mod makers isn't a problem and should be encouraged, the fact is that the following: a) There is NO quality assurance. the mod can be utter rubbish yet until you fork out $$$ you can't know. b) The mod makers only get 25% of the profit... Yup The person who did 100% of the work gets a tiny fraction of the money c) If a mod stops working, tough luck. d) The mod must earn $400 before the creator sees a penny! if it only earns $399 then Valve & Bethesda get the lot!! e) This encourages both big and impressibe mods, but also cash grab nonsense. All in all, DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY!]I'm not going to support paid mods, and as long as there's paid mods I do not recommend this game]The changes in the modding community have ruined this game along with me finding the changes unacceptable and a bad precedent.]Pretty bummed i supported this game right before the whole mod debackle.]I now have to pay mods I've been using for years and have dontated for in the past. Blatant cash grab. Thanks for destroying the most civil and supportive community in pcgaming bethesda and valve.]Just say NO to paid mods.]A foolish choice to have pay for mods to be added, Potenialy free mods getting ripped off and then sold again has made it so mod makers have taken all their good mods in fear of it being sold by someone else for a profit. Terrible.]Due to this companies anti-consumer practices I regret making this decision.]This game is amazing, but now that paid mods are being forced upon us by Valve, I can no longer support this.]Putting mods behind a paywall Heck no Sign this petition! https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop]Bethesda is going down hill with mods.]Absolute  game, would not recommend.]Greed is about to ruin one of the best games. GJ]Terrible way to add paid mods]A complete shame that modders are given only a quarter of the fruits of their labour which have seen this several year old game still have an active community.]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting!]Mods shouldn't require payment, and refunding your payment shouldn't get you banned from the steam community market for a week.]Only 25% to modders is too low, also alot of mod-stealing and putting up for mnoney and what not, and the steam support will not be able to stop all mod-stealing.]This is a good game on face value and the modding community is amazing but with paid mods a feature of this game and cannot now nor will I ever recommend this game to anyone. You should not buy this game as long as it has paid mods.]Paid mods are a terrible idea and reduce the value of the game]Great game and a great modding community. It's a shame Valve had to impliment paid mods that add nothing.]Is a mediocre game at best without mods. Boring, short, glitch filled. Money hungry bethesda and valve taking money out of the one good part of pc gaming is all this game is now. If you want to support valve and bethesda poisoning the pc gaming community then go ahead and buy this game.]Paid Mods are definitely a downside.]Paid Mods are definitely a downside.]So it begins, the death of PC gaming. I've been an avid PC gamer for several years, and an advocate for it the entire time, but with the introduction of paid workshop mods I fear for its future. Modding used to be a labor of love, but with the paid workshop it is being turned into a practice in greed. I cannot possibly give a positive review to the game that brought this horrible controversy to surface.]I recommended it until Bethesda got greedy. No longer.]Don't you see the hate you get for this, Valve? Why don't you stand up and say something?]Paywall? How do you not know that everyone already hates this valve?]Everything changed when the paid mods attacked...]The game is great - Shame the Paid mods ruin such - Valve will be taking 75% while the creater of the mod will take only 25% They made this game into the new Greenlight.]Was a solid 5 before the paid mods, but now Valve's greed has hidden a lot of quality content for this mediocre game behind a paywall. I cannot recommend this game because without mods, it's a mediocre borefest. Don't buy it.]Skyrim is a pretty good game concept, but requires a lot of mods to both fix issues and improve game play. Now that Steam is actively putting mods behind paywall, I really cannot recommend this game anymore.]mods that aren't free]Was a great game, singlehandedly ruined with the introduction of legally questionable paywalls for fan-made mods. Many modders have pulled their works from public as others began to steal them to turn a profit on steam, and most of the money made from it goes to Bethesda/Steam rather than the creator themselves. A shameless and blatant display of greed that is beginning to tear apart the modding community and pushing away people who genuinely liked and wanted to make this game more fun.]Simply put: http://web.archive.org/web/20150426143713/http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimmods/comments/33qcaj/the_experiment_has_failed_my_exit_from_the/]Paid mods and stuff?]I'm just here for the mob mentality.]Payed mods? Not a good idea, maybe after it's removed or changed to a donate I'll change this.]I only got it for the mods about a month ago and then they implamented paid mods, Just what we all need more mircotransactions]All for mod developers getting something for their hard work - through a donation. Giving people no choice but to buy mods before they try them & only giving modders 25% is atrocious. Just squeezing every penny out of the people who genuinely enjoy this title - such as me. Bad move Bethesda. Bad move Valve for allowing this to happen.]You have ruined the system and shoved modders into a world that does not and should not support them in the manner you have presented.]First I want to say; I own skyrim for the xbox with over 180 hours played and think it's a fantastic game, even as a standalone. I've always wanted to have the pc version of Skyrim to play some of the mods I've seen for it. Well thanks to Valve and Bethesda I can't enjoy the modded skyrim experience without being sure to give them even more money! I think it's absolutely crazy that Bethesda has made over a BILLION dollars on skyrim yet they want to take 75% of every 'paid mod' offered in the Steam workshop. Same goes for you, Valve. I'm sure you've made a LOT of money off Skyrim and it's disgusting how greedy the both of you are being. You both are multi billion dollar companies but let's take some more of our communities money by doing 0 work and making 75% of the profits! You remind me of Congress. Soon as the question of pay raises for themselves is brought to the table, it's the fastest thing Congress passes next to Mexican food. I will buy this game (I played the trial) as soon as modding returns to what it was instead of another funnel directly into Valve/Bethesda's greedy overflowing pockets.]The game itself was great. With mods was AWESOME! But now that Valve and Bathesda decided to turn mods into paid DLC is damaging not only the community, but also the re playability of newer games and the possible abuse from modders for a quick cash grab. Mods have gave birth to countless classics and it is my opinion thanks to a loyal and passionate community. Creating paywalls will hinder that innovations and divide the community. Why not add a donation button instead?]Paid mods that don't even support the mod makers because they only get 25% of all sales is a deal breaker for me]Do not buy this game on Steam as long as they are making people pay for mods. Mods are not commercial products. If they want people to give money, they should have implemented a 'Donate' button.]Only 25% of the game was good.]Love this game to death, but what Valve and Bethesda are doing to it is just wrong. Mods should not become DLC and that is exactly what is happening here. The community needs to put its foot down and show them that we do not support the direction they are taking our games.]Really Betsheda.]This game was alright without mods, but mods where the reason most people own this game. Do i really need to carry on?]Hiding mods behind a paywall is just disgusting! Why not a optional donation button, Valve?]The game is big only because of the modding community and instead of hiring the best people in the community to make their next game actually worthwhile even without mods, they are treating them like dirty replaceable trash giving the unstable job of making fanfic DLC and getting pennies in return, while completely destroying the whole modding community itself.]Valve, the faster you remove the paywall for mods, the quicker we can get rid of Bob and his ing tanks.]Enabling "pay-for-mods" is just a horrible system!]Have you played previous elder scrolls games? This is just them except with nicer graphics and some systems which are either a little better or a lot worse. Only worth it with mods (which are a huge ordeal to install), and even then the combat is not good.]+ The exploration was good + Some good mods but cannot really rate a game on what other people make for it but hey got to have more than one positive up here - Rather uninteresting story and rather dull combat. - Almost all the side quests were bad Now that they are starting to be paywalled it is hard to justify getting this game. The extra conent which was paid to begin with was not worth the hassel. Hearthfire does add in something interesting which I have not seen in RPG other than RS and without having to spend weeks building a decent house was something to be happy with. While this 'pay for extra things in our lackluster game because we spent too much time drawing and not enough time writing' game was good with mods it does not justify spending extra just to have it tweaked to your preference Reccommendation: For a game which is very good with mods - Mount and Blade: Warband RPG with good medival period fantasy combat - Dark Souls 1/2 RPG with good story - Oblivion had some very good moments, Mass Effect trilogy (bit wonky at times due to a writer leading at some point)]you have to pay for mods]I am not a supporter of paid mods This game is great, however I can not support the mod monitization]You know why.... (paid mods)]Stay the  away from this game now that Valve and Bethesda has introduced paid modding.]love this game don't love paid mods]Valve introduced paid mods for this game which is unacceptable.]Don't support paid mods]These new ways to support workshop creators are a joke, especially with the measly 25% cut. With no quality control, the desire to make $$$ will be what drives modders to flood the workshop with low-effort paid mods, and they can already be found in the workshop. Mods have always been something PC gamers have been able to brag about, they've always been freely available to us and they're very useful when it comes to fixing broken games. Heck, there are Skyrim mods that fix bugs and issues that only make the game much better. There's an old way that actually supports content creators that isn't anything "new" and really does support the creator: DONATIONS . You could just implement that. But of course, Steam knows that. They defend their cut by saying that modders have a pay what you want option. That does absolutely nothing to alleviate the meager cut modders get. And seriously, no announcements for feedback on this new feature? As unexpected as it was, we know why it happened. And Steam/Valve know why they couldn't let anyone know. I hope the backlash shows Steam/Valve that, while PC Gamers have always put them on a pedestal, for good reason, the pedestal can always be kicked out under them.]Would pay for mods again 10/10 On a serious note though, this game is ok buy on sale otherwise don't. Oh, and don't buy any workshop mods. Even if you want to support the modders, they only get 25% of your payment. And they don't get paid any cent if they don't make 400 USD at the end of the month. Which excludes the huge cut Valve, Bethesda and some other people including the Nexus get (75% overall). Now lets think about that a little: Imagine if I made a little mod, and would sell it for 1$. I only get 25 cents of every sale. Now for those 25 cents to add up to 400$, 1600 people would have to buy my mod. Even if you wish to support modders, directly donating to them via Paypal/Patreon/whateverthepeopleusetogetdonations will help them a lot more. Consider doing that if you insist on giving modders a little tip. In my opinion, mods should not be locked behind a paywall. If you support this standpoint too, write a negative review in the same vein as mine and vote with your wallet. After all, Valve are a company that knows how to handle money. And if nobody buys these mods being locked behind a paywall and if enough people speak up against it, we might be able to have them stop this new practice. If people will support this on the other hand, mods will become glorified DLC and a lot of modders will be opportunists, jumping on the train for a quick buck.]You know, I've played this game quite a bit, the only reason I have the low play data is due to a steam reset. I believe skyrim is an amazing game with limitless potential due to the power of modding. But now, valve and bethesda have moved to try and put those mods behind a paywall. I can't reccomend a game that does that.]Skyrim without mods is a bland, boring game. Skyrim on PC without a $5 UI mod is considered 'unplayable' by many people, so the price of this game is always at least $5 more than they say. Don't pay for mods. Don't let Bethesda sell you DLC they didn't create.]As an almost four-year Terraria modder, I just cannot support this practice to spread. Paid mods are one of the steps that will degrade the quality of games to a large degree, and any game that has done this in the past is now dead or nearly dead. Combined with the DLC practices practiced by many companies, this just isn't good news, and hereby I do not support this practice. A donate button would be fine, but not locking mods behind greed what Valve makes a huge profit off of. Just screams money and greed to me, and it should to everyone who sees this practice.]Now that Steam and GabeN have sold out and opened a Pandora's box shaped like a terrible idea, I can no longer recommend Skyrim. Prior to this I've logged 70h on my Steam copy of Skyrim, ~150h on Xbox 360, and ~40h on a non-Steam copy. I never downloaded mods from the Workshop to begin with because it was already inferior to other options. Now those other options have the added benefit of not being pay-gated, but this stupidity has already made people start pulling their mods from free sites for fear of having them stolen, uploaded to the Workshop, and their own work DMCA'd. The game itself is solid, and the modding community made it excellent, but I fear that that may be over now. I have never been more ashamed of Valve and Bethesda than I am now. https://www.change.org/p/valve-remove-the-paid-content-of-the-steam-workshop -- 56k signatures and counting. e: AS OF 4/27/15, Valve and Bethesda relented and took down paid mods for Skyrim. HOWEVER! "But we underestimated the differences between our previously successful revenue sharing models, and the addition of paid mods to Skyrim's workshop. We understand our own game's communities pretty well, but stepping into an established, years old modding community in Skyrim was probably not the right place to start iterating. We think this made us miss the mark pretty badly, even though we believe there's a useful feature somewhere here." This review will remain negative until three years have passed with no attempt to institute the same system for other, newer games without a community ready to defend them.]Very dissapointed in Bethesda and Steam allowing for paid mods. The Skyrim modding community has been fine and continued to steer in the right direction for well over 9 years including TES:Oblivion the last thing we need is for Steam and Bethesda to make a quick buck. Also according to Gabe Newell on the Reddit AMA, the percentage split for paid mods is dictated by the developer. If Bethesda really believed in supporting mod creators, the cut % would not be just 25%. Overall, developers are looking to make a quick buck and not here to support the modding community. I am very dissapointed.]I can't in good faith recommend this anymore. Bethesda and Valve trying to monetize a hallmark of PC Gaming. Mods have a long successful history and it's never been about getting rich. Mods are made, users enjoy, donations are made and often times mods get picked up by game companies now and again and are made into amazing games of their own. Nothing about this new system incites creativity and quality. I know they won't listen to a simple review, but I hope our chance to vote with our dollars doesn't come before this spreads.]I bought a sword, no, like, i BOUGHT a sword, with real money. Paid/10]Mods are slowly switching to a paid version, one of my favorites, Wet and Cold, became paid and was removed from nexus. GG Bethesda, this game was a masterpiece for the PC Modding community until you ed it up. Let us hope ENB never follows this path.]I will refuse to recommend this game until paid for mods are no longer existant. EDIT: While the mods may be free again, I will be keeping this review negative because it happened in the first place. I may eventually change it back to positive, who knows.]If there is any game that proves studios do not need to release a relatively bug free, massive content filled game while still being overwhelmingly successful, TESV: Skyrim is it. However, Bethesda owes their success and high ratings to the kind and good willed people who "fixed" / modified Skyrim for nothing in return. And what does Bethesda do to reward these people? They endorse a laughable cash farm/paid mods system where they are doing nothing and taking the biggest cut. The only reason why this 4 year old game is still relevant and talked about today is because of the content modders created and fixed. Yes, paid mod system on Steam Workshop has been removed but Bethesda has left a burning scar on the attractive modding community with their actions. I have no doubt they would try and take advantage of their greatest undeserved asset again which is why I can't thumbs up this product. What I think of the game itself (without mods): GOOD - graphics/visuals are good (for its time), I like the combat, talent tree is nice, sprint bar! BAD - short quest lines (especially for guilds), dialogue/story writing doesn't live up to previous Elder Scrolls, dragon combat seems corny to me, not as many caves/dungeons as TESIV About the whole paid mods situation: -I'm not against someone making money for the things they create (^I've bought several early access games, this isn't even necessary to say^) -I'm not against giving my money to someone for the things they create -I have DONATED money to modder/server owners in the past -I am against Steam Workshop turning into a micro transaction nightmare -I am against STUDIOS making money on mods that "fix" a game -I am against STUDIOS having even less incentive than they do now to make an outstanding game because they would be able to sit on a cash farm known as paid mods]Just helping others protest. Nothing to see here.]Paid mods and predatory practices - http://i.imgur.com/iEFMiGo.png]The game itself is just amazing, but the introduction of paid mods made it the first platform to introduce the plan that will most likely ruin mods if not repealed.]Paid Mods. Pop ups in game asking you to buy mods. I don't want to buy your  sword for $5 that you made with pirated software. 11/10 .]The only thing that made Skyrim great, was all the mods. Now that Valve and Bethesda has decided to  modders over, and mods are no longer free, I can't recommend you buy this game.]I'm in two minds whether to change this review back to positive or not, because I'm still neutral here. Thing is, Skyrim is only an amazing game because of the many thousands of mods that prop it up. Take the mods away and you're left with a simple FPS RPG game with an even simpler plot. It looks wonderful, it plays rather smoothly, the combat is nice, there are other things you can praise Skyrim for, but the sheer power and tenacity of modders is what makes Skyrim so strong. Thankfully, the Skyrim Paid Mod Workshop fiasco has come to an end, but my trust has been shaken. For now, I will leave my review as negative, a fitting scar for the scism that now runs down the community. On an unrelated note, don't buy the DLCs on their own. It's often cheaper to just get the Ultimate Edition whenever it's on sale for 10 or so - You save yourself a good bit of money.]Mods were what made this game worthwhile. And now I have to pay for them as well. What a shameless cash grab.]Paid mods? No thanks. Wont be supporting a developer that wants to cash in on them either.]The damage is done..]Let me break this down to you. When Skyrim came out almost four years ago, it was a buggy, awful mess. Stuttering everywhere, NPCs breaking down, and if you went in the wrong place at the wrong time, it crashed. Today, it is still a buggy, awful mess. Stuttering everywhere, NPCs breaking down, and if you go through the wrong door at the wrong time, it WILL crash. But luckily, there were mods to fix that. Stuttering removal, scriptfixes for the NPCs, and magic ritual powered by the blood of children to stop this thing from crashing every time you go in a building. Now mods are behind a paywall. Now you have to pay for the very things that made this game playable in the first place, on top of the game's actual price. It's a scam. There's literally no other word for it, except for synonyms for "scam." You are now being treated exactly like the little consumer plaything Bethesda and Valve see you as, and not a lot of people like it. I definitely don't, so I cannot in good consciousness recommend you a buggy, awful mess where you have to pay extra for community-made addons for the same reason I cannot recommend you a crappy Free To Play MMO where you have to pay for an edge over every other player. Don't buy this game.]Ok so id like to point out that this game is amazing, the storyline, the quests (and sidequests), the land available even without any dlc will have you hooked for hours. Then the dlc come which are exceedingly good and worth every penny.... Then it comes to the bad... Mods (Well paid mods) the mods themselves are amazing, getting chased by the trololol troll while riding flutter from my little pony is something that never gets old. However paying 5 for a mod on a 7 game is an absolute joke, there are many other ways around this which im not allowed to Nexus *ahem* talk about. If you dont own this, get it, but do not for the love of god pay for any mods, the devs have always done ths out of the kindness of their heart and have always said you can donate to them. Great game 10/10 would take an arrow to the kneww for. whereas screw paid mods.]Remove paid mods and the game is perfect, until then I cannot support this game.]Hitting the dislike for Bethesda's attitude toward the Modding community. They have been perfectly comfortable letting modders fix hundreds of still present bugs, Improve their graphics and textures and let them develop new content. That was fine, but now they are planning to steal this to improve their own bottom line. Its Immoral.]Forcing payment for mods.]if only mods were free :(]Same as everyone else. Make it a donate option and call it a day.]*Insert mad about selling mods rant*]Negative review in support of the removal of the paid mods system.]Valve and Bethesda decided to profit off of the modding community, destroying it in the process.]Not supporting Steam or Bethesda until they completely change their business models. I can certainly survive without Slyrim, as Oblivion, Morrowind, and New Vegas are better games with FREE mods any way. I recommend that you who are reading this review do the same and shop only at GoG, Humble Bundle, and (dare I say it) EA's Origin. Valve needs more competition now. Edit: 4/27/2015 10:03 PM Welp, they finally did a 180 degree reversal with the policy for Skyrim. But in the official press release for this policy change, the official Valve employe who annouced this change implied that they would try again, just not for Skyrim. So no, I'm still not supporting Valve anymore. They are still a monopoly. They are still hypocrites. But what now for Skyrim and Bethesda? Should I now give Skyrim a positive review? No! It's my opinion that Zenimax and Bethesda Softworks (not Beth. Game Studio) still want some form of paid modding and were the main pushers for paid modding in the first place. Remember Horse Armor? Also, I have my beefs with Skyrim itself as a game. People really should play Morrowind, Oblivion, and New Vegas before spending hundred's of hours into this shallow game. I can't go into specifics at the moment, but there are plenty of reviews and videos online addressing concerns that I agree with. View Valve's statement here: https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/3434it/paid_mods_in_the_steam_workshop/ 4/28/2015 Bethesda gave their own PR twitst. http://www.bethblog.com/2015/04/27/why-were-trying-paid-skyrim-mods-on-steam/ Look at this particular statement: "Horse Armor gave us a start into something new, and it led to us giving better and better value to our players with DLC like Shivering Isles, Point Lookout, Dragonborn and more." They seriously believe that horse armor has helped not just Oblivion, Elder Scrolls, and Fallout but also the gaming industry as a whole? Horse armor did not "encourage" them to make epansion packs and dlc that were planned and were in development already. If they could without backlash, they would follow the scam-like behaviors of other developers like EA or Paradox when it comes to the most inane DLC's. They said to the effect: "Well mod sales were insignificant anyway. And people who use mods and make mods are very insignificant when comparing to all Skyrim players." Well, if it wasn't that significant, why risk your business and lose potential customers for future games you idiots? They also said that they began discussions and planning for paid mods back in 2012. They will not simply waste 3 years of planning because of this backlash. NO business plans something for such a long time just to do a complete 180 and waste all the wages to people who worked on introducing a new product or service and all the data and knowledge from analyzing the market. This will come back, one way or another. My positive review for Skyrim will not.]First there had been the expansion packs... And there were DLCs... And now there are MODs for sale!  you valve. Make HL3 already.]What can I say? Half-finished game that only survived because of modability, which will now be placed behind payment walls. While the decision is a good one for modding in the long term, the consumer is again shafted. I wouldn't recommend the base game Skyrim as anything close to being worth playing, however if you don't mind to keep forking out money for characters, weapons, minor patches, etc then this game might be for you. Was nice while it lasted, though! EDIT: Well, now that the paid mods have been >>temporarily<< put on hold, until they can put more legal bindings on them, I will refrain from changing the review, since it's only a matter of time before it's back. Also the damage has been done: the community is in shambles, modders are leaving and players are still spamming about it. I feel like the modders pulling their free mods is mostly because of the players who attacked the modders, more than the allure of potential profits. The playerbase attacked the wrong targets here, but everything's been done, now we just wait and see where this develops. Third-Party DLC, that the company is actually getting money for and then money from publishing it, is here to stay. There is nothing we can do. I'll miss gaming.]paid mods, don't buy this game.]EDIT: Even though Valve & Bethesda withdrew paid mods from Skyrim, I am still not changing my review. Them pulling it back doesn't change that they tried to push the idea in the first place. The game itself is great. Many hours of fun in just the base game. Add mods and it becomes a whole new experience. Why the negative review you may ask? Mods are the lifeblood of this game, and Valve & Bethesda see fit to lock them behind paywalls just to make a quick buck. This is not acceptable.]paid/mods you wouldn't steal a car, but you would pirate a mod]First I'd like to point out that the game itself is fantastic, and it is through the multitude of mods that make it so damn amazing. Now that Steam is supporting paid mods, more and more content is and will be put behind pay walls. Welcome to the new era of DLC, DLC that the company itself doesn't have to make. I do not support Steams idea of paid mods. The workshops will be flooded with absolute crap mods that took little time to make in an effort to make a quick buck. I highly doubt anyone who plays this game doesn't have a long list of mods they run, many running over fifty mods. Now imagine having to pay for all the mods you use, basically doubling the cost of the game, or more. Hopefully the majority of mod makers do not jump on this bandwagon and can see that steam is just trying to use them to make more money. Because of this decision I have changed my review to negative, and I hope both Steam and Bethesda sees the folly of their decision. **EDIT** Apparently the split is only 25% for the actual modders, so they do the work and only get 1/4th of the earnings. Shows exactly what Valve's intentions are: Money.]The Skyrim Workshop HAD always been a great place for discovering community-made mods. Starting now, the Workshop is also a great place for community content creators to GET BENT OVER AND SODOMIZED by selling their greatest works. AND ONLY GETTING 25% Check out the latest creations HERE.]microtransactions dlc pay4mods no thanks!]Paid mods? "The future is so bright i don't need my eyes too see it"]FIrst game to introduce DLC contents and steal from content creators. I would not recommenc this game.]Due to steams practices of selling mods other than creating a button for donating i must give this a negative review in protest.]Paid mods. Wow. Just wow. Who in the world thought that was a good idea. Add a donate option as apposed to selling the mod and taking all the profit. The only reason I bought this game on the computer is so that I could mod the living crap out of it. Shame on you Valve and Bethesda.]Avoid like the plague, this is now a DLC simulator hiding behind the mask of a way to help content creators when they barely get any of the profit.]Less content than either Morrowind or Oblivion. You used to be able to increase content with mods, but now they've nickled and dimed that away.]Used to be good until are you forced to pay for other peoples mods they even started banning people on the forums and started forcing mod sites to pull the mods so steam can make a profit]I am never giving a single penny to Valve or Bethesda again. Congrats on ruining modding for everyone]Hey Valve,im ex EA employe and i have good business model for you: As well as letting your costumers pay 4.99$ for a sword texture,you might be interesting to let them pay 1.99$(sale from 3.99$) for casting a fireball in-game,or getting horse in-game for 7.99$(that was in another TES MMO title,sorry im from EA,we dont really original here).Im giving you that ideas,but if u gonna actually use it in future,id like to charge 75% from your potential profits. Seriously  paid mods. 0/10.]funn while it lasted :\]Paid mods? Gaben has betrayed us.]this paid mods]Hahaha, oh boy. Valve, Bethesda... you guys ed up bad with this one. Game's great, (free) mods are fun, but the pay-for-mods thing is super gay.  that , man. Helps nobody but Bethesda suck up more money for doing jack .]They want you to pay for features made by amateurs that should have been in the game to begin with.]Doesn't deserve all of the praise. An overhyped, oversimplified RPG with frustrating combat, overwhelming and unnecessarily complex skill trees and braindead AI. The only justification for buying this game is for modding, which is the only thing that makes this game half bearable, as the vanilla version is completely bland. Use your money somewhere else.]Remove paid mods, greedy Valve!]Good dammit valve. This greed for money is insane, put a damn support modder button in, not turn mods into DLC. Put good use to your time and instead of screwing up one of the best games of all time... Jesus... EDIT: I am keeping my review up only because Valve and Bethesda were being stupid, and you don't reward somone for being stupid. Though i do like them, just, that was a low moment.]They want you to pay for features made by amateurs that should have been in the game to begin with.]I loved the game, and the release but the prototyping of mods for sale is just an extension of DLCs that happens to poison the intelectual property of a great game. Dispite the obvious legal issues, and community backlash Bethesda and Valve have decided to go with the option that nets the most money in the short term by spending their community trust.]What I like about Skyrim is it's high modability and wonderful supportive community. What I don't like is that that community is being turned upside down and against itself through the prospect of "paid for" mods. It wasn't needed before, and it won't be needed now nor in the future.]Only played a very little, but it was fun. Update: April 2015: No No No No No No No No Valve what the heck are you doing? Paid Mods are you kidding me?!?!!?!??! STOP THIS.]MICRO-TRANSACTIONS & YOU Valve and Bethesda are now "servicing" PAID mods to gamers. The mod creators themselves only take 25% from it. These modders are "self-employed". Bethesda and Valve are not legally bound to these people. Valve and Bethesda reinvented Micro-transactions, the most unethical business practice of the decade, and it is now an INDIRECT source of revenue, exploiting modders for their hard work. Now it's a business. It involves money, trademarks and possible litigation over ownership of intellectual property. Bethesda can now rely on modders to work for a pittance while cashing in the profits, at the same time avoiding legal issues if there are problems with said mods. No support from Bethesda, either. They clearly state they do not support modified games. But they sure like the money from these mods. Bethesda is taking pretty much half the profit, and modders (who are not employees, thus Bethesda doesn't owe them anything) are left to dry in the sand. No rights, no protection. And if you think 25% is bad, you're not taking taxes into account. It's worse than bad.]Skyrim isn't a very good game without mods. The fact that we might have to pay for mods to make Bugthesda's game playable is rubbish.]Bethesda/Valve have spelled the beginning of the end of the real modding community. The magic of mods are dead if they become paid DLC micro-transactions. Say goodbye to free modding in future Bethesda games, not that I'll be buying them anyway now. And yes of course there are still free mods but this is the turning point no one wants to see except money grabbing publishers and a few modders who can't see the forest for the trees.]Paid mods... Edit: The above review went up shortly after Bethesda decided it was a good idea to dehumanize everyone in the modding community. I have elected to still not recommend this game to set a reminder for what I (and many others) are against. If I were to really review Skyrim, it would go something like the following. Vanilla: 6/10. The game is entertaining for ~60 hours, but seriously lacking in many departments. The questlines are boring, tedious, and short. The main storyline is particularly awful. The world itself is not very interesting. The UI is absolutely broken. The RPG elements are shallow. The combat and gameplay is generally fun, but not noteworthy. The previous titles (except for Oblivion) are much more engaging, deep, interesting, fun, and worthwhile. I recommend Morrowind in particular. With mods: 8.5/10. Many of the above issues can be fixed with mods. Paid mods: 0/10 and a further loss of respect for Bethesda/Valve.]Wonderful Game. After I paid $30 for the game,I only had to pay $80 for mods DLC. Only half of them worked,and most of them were fake or stolen to get a quick buck,but I'm glad to be supporting steam the modders who spent hard time contributing to the community,even though they only get 25% of profits.]With the addition of paid mods I can not support this game anymore. It's sad.]Seeing as Valve has been totally unreponsive in this issue and even going so far as to block dissent, this seems to be the only useful way to express opinion on this whole paid mod issue. The issue here for me is that monetizing mods means that developers are going to be able to skimp on game features and expect them to added later by mods, which they will make money from without work. Betheda games are notorious for being buggy and their UI are terrible. Mods like SkyUI fix this, but if mods are monetized, SkyUI has confirmed that they will go to paid mod status, we will have to pay extra for the same utility in a game. Not a good move for the health of PC gaming or the modding community. In his reddit post, Gabe Newell expressed that this move was not about making money. If that's the case, why not back off and work through this slower, address community concerns, and then make a decision. Maybe its about not showing weakness, but ignoring community concerns, or giving non-answers like Gabe's reddit post, are not helping the issue.]As much as I like skyrim due to recent events I am giving it a bad review in hope of changing something in this crooked industry]The Game is fine but having to pay for mods is out right outragous. Valve Hid their microtransactions behind "supporting the mod developers" The gaming community isnt stupid. taking 75% of their costs is one way to make it obvious that this was for valve and not for the mod developers. if it wasnt so why not just add a donation button?]This game's time is over, and thus no longer worth playing. After the initial 12 or so hours it takes to beat the main quest line, you'll find yourself bored with this sparsely populated "sandbox". The real 'magic' comes from the mods (free) which extend and enhance the experience to well over 500 hours (no exaggeration). In fact, mods even fix the bugs the Developer/Publisher either cannot or care not to fix. However, with paid mods, the modding community that has kept this game worth playing after all these years has been washed away. I would not purchase this old and buggy game without access to the mods. Without the (free) mods it is only a weekend before you're bored - not worth the price.]This game's time is over, and thus no longer worth playing. After the initial 12 or so hours it takes to beat the main quest line, you'll find yourself bored with this sparsely populated "sandbox". The real 'magic' comes from the mods (free) which extend and enhance the experience to well over 500 hours (no exaggeration). In fact, mods even fix the bugs the Developer/Publisher either cannot or care not to fix. However, with paid mods, the modding community that has kept this game worth playing after all these years has been washed away. I would not purchase this old and buggy game without access to the mods. Without the (free) mods it is only a weekend before you're bored - not worth the price.]I bought this game under the assumption that I'd be able to install and use the bug-fixing mods that the community has developed for free. I did not buy this bug-riddled game to have to pay more money for fixes.]This game use to be great! Now it hides all the mods behind a paywall. Why not use a donate button instead of this obvious cash grab?]Gameplay is repetitive. Any enjoyment to be found from mods now behind a paywall. gg volvo]Can't recomend this game when Valve and Bethesda are making bad desicions with mods.]I would love to put a possitive review for this game as it is one of the best games on the market but unfortauntly I have to agree with Bob on this one.. paid mods sucks donkey $$$]Paid mods are a terrible, terrible decision that ruin this game.]The introduction of paid mods as a way to supplement Bethesda is absolutely outrageous. I used to love following Gamespot's featurette on "Weekly Skyrim Mods", but with the introduction of this nonsense, I just feel sick. No longer can I be "IMMA GET THAT!" Instead, it's "geez, I wonder how much THAT costs?" Absolutely ridiculous. This game was released nearly 4 years ago. The continued revenue seen by Bethesda from the mod community was already significant, but this cash grab is absolutely shameful. 25% to the modder, 75% to Valve/Bethesda? Absolutely insane.]Introduced the concept of paid mods "to support modders" while charging a 75% fee on sales.]The way that this game has been warped; the way the modding community - the community that has kept this game alive for 5 years - has been forced to turn on itself has ruined this game. There can no longer exist an innocent modding community; a community built solely on mutual respect and love of a game and a hobby. I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game to anyone in its current state. There is nothing so positive that can supersede the massive negative implemented by Valve.]The recent additon of paying for mods is deplorable. Sad really. Changing my review from positive to negative.]Only a great game because of mods. If they become locked behind a paywall, not worth the time.]I have never been more disappointed with a beloved Elder Scrolls title. Never mind, ESO is at the bottom of the tier list.]This paid mod  is bull.]Paying for mods? lol]paid mods should not be a thing...]Can't wait to pay money for a bug-fix mod because Bethesda can't program a game to save their life. I don't even buy off-brand soda, why would I buy off-brand, unofficial, unlicensed, unregulated, overly-expensive DLC?]no cause i bout it and it got deleated when i restarted my computer an it seid to restat agin]Don't get me wrong the game is amazing. I am just  about paid mods. When they go down my review goes up.]Valve is not giving content creators a fair share of the revenue for mods.]Due to recent events I wouold no longer reccomend this game.]The new monetized modding update is nothing more than a greedy cash grab. Bethesda and Valve both each take more than the mod creator does in profits from mod sales. This is deplorable business.]Was a great game, then they tried to turn it into Candy Crush with dragons]anything that has paid mods is bad. and bad for the rest of video games.]you brought this on yourselves, the paid mods go, or we go]Paid mods are a cancer on this game and the community it is a part of. Avoid at all costs until the shillling is removed.]I had this game it was great. I had loads of mods installed and everything worked together fantastically. I formated my pc and tried to set it up the same today, but paying for mods is something that I cannot agree with and so will not be bothering to install the game again. I will also not be spending money on steam after this.]Hope you like paying for mods. Developer is nothing but a greedy . Do not buy.]Pay for mods?  you Bethesda.]