This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in. The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame.]I only played for a bit but it seems alright.]How can you not reccomend this game. The scope is huge, the quests are plentiful, the gameplay and graphics are still amazing. You will lose many hours of your life with this game happily.]Robbed house, girl caught me, she ran outside to find guards and everybody attacked her. 10/10 IGN]If you're going to buy one game on Steam. This is it. Get mods, and you get an infinite game.]Killed a chicken and became #1 Enemy of state. 10/10]Who needs Grand Theft Auto when you can steal a horse. 10/10]Their was a time when I left my house I was just like a normals teenager. I exercised, I conversed with other human beings, Their was a time when natural light didn't hurt my eyes and burn my skin. This game has ruined my life. 11/10- IGN]Its freaking skyrim just buy it.]If I had to choose between this game, and my girlfriend. I'd pick this game. EDIT: I'm single now ON A MORE SERIOUS NOTE: This game is the best in its genre. In previous Bethesda games they made a sad balance in between Questing, and Exploration. Some having more quests and less places to go, and others having very few quests and more places to explore. But in Skyrim, there is no shortage of quests, and if you are like myself and just wander around aimlessly, you will stumble into places that just blow your mind. Every time I have replayed this game, I stumbled into something new. For more info i'd very much recommend mods, with mods such as texture packs, difficulty, quests, armor, and weapons, this games replay value is endless. Go through the game once with plain skyrim, then mod the hell out of it. Overall I'd rate this game an EASY 10/10. If you haven't already. Please buy it, give it a little, and I swear you will be hooked.]Mod it until it crashes.]My parents are divorced, my mother is a hooker, my dad beats my brother on a daily basis, my brothers takes drugs, my pets have been kidnapped, and my life outside is dangerous and depressing. And what do I do to deal with all of this? I put a pot on a mans head and steal all his belongings. 11/10]I bought skyrim for $19.99 and not even a full 2 days later it goes on sale for $4.99. Ohhh Lord Gaben why have you forsaken me!?]To read this review you need to gift me 100,-- in wallet founds]A guy in Solitude told me "You should see me when you get bored stranger". after 450++ hours in, Still haven't seen him.]THIS GAME IS: 10% luck 20% SKILL 15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL 5% PLEASURE 50% PAIN AND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.]So I was walking around near Rorikstead and I went up and said hi to a guard and he said "Gotta keep my eyes open. Damn dragons could swoop down at any time" then at that exact moment a legendary dragon flew down and picked him up with his mouth and threw him in the air killing him instantly. 11/10 best game I've ever played]It doesn't matter: how many characters you create, how many saves you load, how many mods you have, how many times you escape Helgen, how many Ralofs you meet, how many times you become thane of Whiterun, how many Dragons you slay, how many journies to High Hrothgar you take, how many shouts you learn, how many people you kill, how many pouches of gold you steal, how many contracts you fulfill, how many quests you complete, how many times you kill Alduin , how many different sets of armor you craft, how many different types of weapons you craft, how many horses you purchase how many people you marry, how many children you adopt, how many homes you buy, how many sweet rolls you eat, how many pouches of gold you acquire, how many times you become the Dovahkiin, ...you can never prevent a guard from taking an arrow to the knee... 10 kneecaps /10 kneecaps]As it happens, I spend a considerable amount of time in the Cloud District, you sack of .]I shouted at a goat and killed it. 10/10]I don't have a girlfriend, but now I don't even need one.]------------------------ Updated review: ------------------------ Best ing single-player RPG series in existence. This world. This world really sucks you in. One of those "must experience in a lifetime" things. The previous games are up to their name, too, and this continuation is just jaw-dropping. ------------------------ Pros: ------------------------ - open world, a beautiful one in that regard - incredibly moddable, just don't use steam workshop, use Skyrim Nexus if you really want the best - the best damn sense of adventure and exploration you'll ever find in a game; if you're a curious  you'll love this to bits - immersive as hell, you'll really feel like you're under your character's skin - astonishing role-playing element and all you need to do is take it slow and explore, interact with the world as though you were your character - good game mechanics and skill-trees, great game mechanics if you include mods - graphics are just superb if you can run and mod them in - the atmosphere and audio just leaves me speechless! BY THE NINE JUST LISTEN TO THIS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrRxgV7nVr0 AND ALSO WATCH IN AWE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJx-iBco9Ms ------------------------ Cons: ------------------------ - you need a decent PC to unleash its full potential, but a light gaming rig works too - pretty costly, but it's worth its weight in gold in the long run - takes up your time and you'll notice a house fire an hour after it's too late, so buy a fire alarm just in case - modding the game might take even more time than playing it (Blunt, I love you for the game) (Massive love to all modders that made this game truly legendary)]It's like Skyrim with guns without guns.]No time for missions, still moding my character's bewbs]For the record I have to say R.I.P to my 360, it died one fateful night while playing this game. I had around 700 hours on it at that point with Skyrim :'( lost but never forgotten. Oh Skyrim how I have loved you, part of me thinks of you fondly when I am outside and wonder if a dragur will appear from behind a random tree. Or a hole in the earth that the city excavates to fix the sewage system, is it time for the dragonborn? Never has a game had this much impact on my outward life like Skyrim has. It joins the ranks of Grand Theft Auto in my possibly going insane I need to stop playing phases. But it isn't your fault Skyrim, you are just what the doctor ordered for me. From the smooth visuals to the peaceful mountain tops or soaring on a dragon that minutes ago tried to eat me and killed my thousand dollar throw away horse. If you need help deciding on this game then I have to say that there is no amount of words placed together that could convey what Skyrim is. Sure the main story is linear, it does not feel as epic as past Elder Scrolls games. But the sheer amount of fun and imagination that you can have in this game is leaps and bounds past any sandbox game I have ever played. But if you must hear my words and need reassurance then I will try my best. For Skyrim deserves a two part review. Vanilla: I hate vanilla, not skyrim vanilla, but the flavor vanilla. Yeah that is off topic but I always assumed that people call base unmodded games vanilla because they share the hatred of the flavor with me. Unmodded Skyrim is beautiful and has depth and a heart that is unmatched, you can do anything, be anyone, but at the end of the day you either go home to your wife and children or battle legions of dragur in some cave for hours. Where is daddy? That deadbeat is picking pockets and forging daggers so he can pay for that glass case he wants to put in the armory to show off his junk. Or maybe daddy has a secret.....maybe daddy is a vampire who lives off the blood of others in the darkness of the vale. Or as youtube has shown me.....daddy likes elaborate hidden basements where he stores the bodies of his dead O_O Skyrim vanilla has it all and more, it is a work of art that deserves your time. Modded: Now in a more serious tone I must say that this is now a different game. You can be anyone, do anything, create anything, and never run out of custom quests. You can upgrade the visuals to a stunning degree and bask in the hd glory. If you want skyrim you need to mod, you have to mod, it will call to you and you will answer and the sickness will set in and you will never be the same. But you will love it and you will never turn back. I can not go into further detail because I just can't, there are too many mods to even begin a proper review of modded skyrim. Maybe you want to weild a  sword while dressed as Finn from adventuretime while pikachu follows behind you. The possibilities are endless and I implore you to mod your skyrim, just do it and you will never look back. Just buy it already and join the millions who already have found one of the greatest games of all time.]An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod and so well supported by the modding community. The Elder Scrolls series has a large following and often you will hear people argue over each new TES game comparing it to the last, but for me each TES game stands on its own merits, and Skyrim is no exception. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of side quests, but what makes Skyrim so great even when not modded is its large and open nature. This is a land you can just pick a direction and with no quest in mind and just explore. You will find danger and excitement on your journey ... and loot. Lots and lots of loot. But once you start modding this game, that is when you unlock the true value that is Skyrim. Potentially thousands more hours content (for free) in a game that can be improved ten thousand different ways from graphics, textures and sounds all the way to game mechanics and user interface changes. You can make the game exactly what you need it to be, and play it for so long you may still be playing when the next game in this series comes out.... and sometimes longer than even that. If you are interested in modding the PC version of the game, be sure to check out my guide for beginners: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxQ1JN_X-_Y&index=1&list=PLE7DlYarj-DdhDG41roBVJfNCqvO5MmKP]Intro Skyrim is a excellent RPG if your looking for quantity over quality. The game does not shine with impacting story as much as other more focused RPG's because of the freedom it offers. That doesn't stop it from being a great experience to most and memorable at that. The main quest takes a couple of hours but there is 300 hours of side content to go through beside it. Which is the greatest amount of content any game I have seen has to offer. The mods only add more content on top of that and give it insane amount of longevity. Advantages and Disadvantages + 300 Hours of Content + Perk system that is well thought out + Mod Philosophy that allows people to add more value to the game as a community + Replayability is extremely high due to mods and classes + Environments are done well for most part with minor blemishes + Many interactions with NPC's (thanks to companion mods) - NPC's are not very animated/expressful as other smaller more focused RPG's - Due to the freedom of the game the experience is not as consistently exciting - Default UI is bad (Mod UI cures this) - Level scaling should be bound to equipment for more consistent scaling. Community The Skyrim community has put alot of dedication and work into adding tons of value to this game. The steam workshop is also a nice simple addition to make mod installation easy and quick for people. This said, I would like to see more quality in game combat, although the perk system makes up for this. Mods Enchance Mods can provide you with a fresh experience and expand the longevity of the game. It improves the quality of the game with better graphics, environments, lore, quests, companions and other community crafted content. Warning: Mods can conflict, try to figure out what's conflicting, some require DLC.]Lost my girlfriend, scholarships, and friends. 10/10 would reccomend.]Killed an old woman. Stole a plate. Got arrested. (Because of the plate). Fought a dragon. Stole a crown. Got drunk. Became a werewolf. Killed bees with fire. Followed a talking dog. Visited the old dwarven cities. Killed robots. Became an assassin. Killed the emperor. Got beaten to death by a whole town for stealing a cabbage. Became a respected general. Fought bandits. Poisoned mead. Stole cabbage again. 10/10 would Skyrim again.]Watched free porn. Got a virus. Bought Skyrim for the nudity mod. Didn't get a virus. 11/10, would fap again.]This game is mostly about harvesting mushrooms. If you're a true mushroom connoisseur, you'll want this.]if this game was a potato....it would be a good potato potato/potato would potato again]Stole a plate and became the #1 most wanted man in the world. 10/10]You can pause in the middle of a battle and consume an ungodly amount of cheese wheels, making this game one of the best games ever to exist simply because of how many cheese wheels you can consume in the middle of a battle. Can you imagine somebody just carrying all these  cheese wheels into battle? Bewilder friends and foe alike with your unholy cheese wheel obsession, you daring thing, you. 10/10, would play again for some more cheese wheels. Also there are dragons and swords and magic and stuff whatever no big deal. P.S. can someone make it so that a single cheese wheel only takes up 0.1 carrying capacity? no reason just that it would be super useful im asking for a friend ok thanks mate]If this game was a spoon, it would be a good spoon.]Removed someone's head with a wooden sword. 10/10]It's like Skyrim without guns.]One of the best RPG games I've played , just brilliant, this game never ends, a lot of modding, adventure's , characters , different areas quests etc. Must PLAY!]I used to have friends, then I bought skyrim.]A game where trying to interact with giants holding clubs turns into the funding of NASA's space program.]My skyrim character is getting more laid than me...]"I walked around in this game for 98 hours having a blast and feeling epic before I found out how to sprint 10/10 would walk around for 98 hours again, funny thing is I really didn't even mind that I couldn't sprint lol" What can I say about Skyrim that hasn't been said already. If you don't own this game you are missing out on an experience of a life time. This game offers +100 of hours of content in an immersive world and on top of that there are over +20,000 mods to customize your Skyrim to the experience you want. Go and get this game.]I killed a chicken, and the entire town banded together to kill me. 10/10]One of the best open world cooking games of the year. There are so many ingredients to find such as herbs and spices to use in order to create masterful dishes. The game borrows cooking gameplay heavily from 'cooking mama' which is easy to spot for a michelin star cook. One of the best games of the year - 10/10 would cook again.]Can play as cat people - 10/10]WARNING: You WILL lose your social life after getting this game.......10/10]I can shout at cabbages not only IRL, but virtually too. 10/10]Updated 28/04/15: Paid mods are gone (until next time, at least), and all is well in the world! https://steamcommunity.com/games/SteamWorkshop/announcements/detail/208632365253244218 Thank you all so much, everyone who spoke up against Valve's implementation of paid mods! Paid Steam Workshop protest review below, Never forget! (This review got 11208 positive reviews out of 12000 over the course of three days, before Valve changed their minds): Valve introduced paid workshop mods for Skyrim, as a result changing my review to negative. You don't get to charge people for mods and try to sell them as dlc, Valve. People can and should support mod creators via donations, and a 'Buy me a coffee!' button on the workshop page would be good, but putting them behind a pay wall is god damn atrocious.]Do you want to have no life? Because that's how you get no life. 10/10]I have no time to write a review! I'm too busy playing this game!]After I walked out of the first cave an Orc attacked me, so I killed him and took all his clothes. 10/10]THE ELDER SCOLLS V: SKYRIM - An open world RPG of epic proportions, a true masterpiece || 9.5 || Score Comment Graphics 9 Skyrim has a free High Resolution Texture pack available as DLC (and if you can run it I would highly recommend it), but even without the graphics are clean with nice details and textures. Ambient lighting and effects are excellent and the designers have succeeded in creating a diverse and atmospheric landscape. Character creation is good with a lot of customisation possible. All this, however, is completely and utterly eclipsed by what is possible with Mods. With Mods (readily available from the steam workshop) gamers are able to create breathtakingly stunning vistas, highly realistic characters, followers and NPC's. With over 24 thousand mods (at the time of this review) you can change the appearance of or add in pretty much anything you can imagine (the sky really is the limit). There is of course a performance trade-off when applying the ultra high definition textures and graphical mods so I recommend following one of the excellent guides available to find the right balance for you. Audio 9 Music is grand and epic, very fitting to the feel of the game. Sound effects and voice acting are both excellent throughout and considering how many characters and quests there are in the world of skyrim this is quite a feat. Personal favourites for voice acting include the aptly named khajiit: M'Aiq the liar and the deranged murderous jester: Cicero. Gameplay 9 Skyrim is a joy to play, its not perfect but its pretty close. Controls are intuitive, responsive and work well with either mouse/keyboard or controller. There are many choices to be made throughout the game with real consequences, factions will favour you or attack you depending on your actions and alignment with other factions. There are many different playstyles and strategies to Skyrim, finding what works best for you is all part of the fun. Skills and abilities progress as you use them so you aren't completely restricted to a class such as mage or ranger, want to use a little bit of magic but also kill with a bow - no problem. Skyrim is often compared to its predecessors (Oblivion and Morrowind) to highlight some of flaws in the game, and while its true to say some of the missions and areas feel overused (oh? another cave filled with draugr you say?) and there are other occasional glitches, considering the massive scope and scale of the game these seem fairly minor. Skryim in certain ways surpasses its predecessors and is at very least well deserving of its place in this legendary series. Story 10 So much detail, so much depth, the lore and background to the Elder Scrolls series is second to none. In Skyrim there are huge libraries packed with books containing everything from children's stories to hidden tomes of magic to the history of the lands. Talking to the people you meet tells of their individual struggles and also adds to the overarching story of a land rife with conflict and caught in far reaching changes of which you find your character the center. Skyrim is rich with background and story, as you explore and interact with the characters around you its very easy to feel part of the world. Quests are (with a few minor exceptions) interesting, challenging and varied with each of them building your understanding of the world and your place in it. Replayability 10 You only need to look at the number of hours people put into this game to realise how much Skyrim has to offer. Personally I had already completed this game many times before I got it on steam and was still able to get many more hours of enjoyment than the average rpg, I'm sure it wont be the last time I play Skyrim either. Modding here also helps immensely with the community creating a huge collection of different locations, characters and quests. Overall 9.5 An outstanding game, if you haven't tried it then your missing out on a truly amazing gaming experience. The DLC's available (Dragonborn and Dawnguard) are worthwhile playing and some mods will require them (so pick up the GOTY if you can). More reviews by Fancy Fish Agree / Disagree? Please leave me a comment]-Be me Jarl of Whiterun -Naked man walks in -Devours 25 cheese rolls infront of me -guard walks up to him -says the arrow to the knee line -Naked man stand behind him -Disappears -Guard is now naked -Naked man becomes guard -comes to me and says somthing about dragons - pants -Sent him to dangerous dungon -Feel Relieved -Comes back with stone - intensifies -send him to kill dragon -By talos i hope he dies -Comes back with dragon bones - you talos -Send him to High Hrothgar -hopefully thats the last time i see him -1 month later -comes back with stormcloaks to take over -me.jpg]Probably the best game made by Bethesda, it's enjoyable you can have endless fun IF you mod it, modding it brings a whole new experience for this game, I recommend it if you're into these types of games!]Skyrim is, without a doubt, one of the most epic games ever made. Whether you're a fan of role-playing games or not this title will appeal to you regardless. Yes...it's that good! Unless you have the time to play twelve hours a day seven days a week then the basic game will keep you occupied for many many months on end. Add to that the content from the ever growing mod community and this is a game that you could potentially play FOREVER! Ultra recommended!!!]The only crime was having this sit in my library for so long. Love it]10/10 without mods, 69/69 with mods]skyrim is like an adult movie. it's addicting, keeps your hands busy, and keeps you staring at your monitor. 10/10]Worth every pence! Must play!]Best hentai game of the decade.]10/10 like skyrim but with skyrim]I stole a spoon and i got a bounty on me, best game ever.]The province of Skyrim might be frigid, but the role-playing game that takes place within it burns with a fire few games possess. Yes, Skyrim is another enormous fantasy RPG from a developer that specializes in them, and it could suck up hundreds of hours of your time as you inspect each nook and crevasse for the secrets to be found within. The game returns you to the continent of Tamriel, where you explore the northern realm called Skyrim, home to the Nord race. In these northern regions, snow flurries cloud your view, and platforms of ice float on the chilled waters. Nighttime often brings Tamriel's version of the aurora borealis, with its gorgeous blue and green ribbons stretching across the heavens. Skyrim's predecessor, Oblivion, featured prototypical fantasy environments-pretty but not quite evocative of the lore's darker undercurrents. Skyrim embraces its darker elements. You might feel an eerie chill as you glimpse a half-sunken ship through the mist, or watch as a dragon comes to life before your very eyes under the swirling firmament. Closer inspection reveals hard edges, plain painted-on textures, and other visual flaws that are conspicuous should you seek them out. But like many enormous games, Skyrim makes a fantastic impression not because its individual elements are sharply honed, but because they contribute to a grander whole. There's so much to do that your quest log becomes an embarrassment of pleasures, offering dozens of choices at any given time, each one as enticing as the next.It's impressive enough that there's so much to do; it's even more impressive that most of it is wonderful. Not every dungeon is a joy to explore. Stone-turning puzzles occasionally bring the fun to a halt, and a few repeated cave designs could dampen your spirits. But overall, every task has an excellent sense of context, and surprises lurk around many a turn. Skyrim also uses scattered books and references to enthrall you. You may not be a big fan of reading books in role-playing games, but even so, you should make an effort here.The combat in Skyrim is the tightest Elder Scrolls combat yet, the visual and audio cues normally providing proper feedback with your blows and zaps.Some death blows result in Fallout 3-style slow-motion kills, which retain their power because they're not overly frequent. Movement, too, has seen improvement: you can now play from a third-person view and feel like you're moving across the land instead of floating above it. All in all, Skyrim has some minor issues but as a whole is a brilliant RPG.]This is a game.]if this game was a chair it would be a good chair]Okay, where do I start? General: This game is able to shock you and make you laugh time and time again, even when playing it for the 3'rd time. It takes about 130 - 200 hours of playtime to finish all of the quests, and I guarantee that in the time you will not discover everything there is to discover. If you do not feel like questing, take some time mining, scaring people with magic and shouts, undressing them, stealing, stealthing, killing dragons or giants, throwing cabbages around or simply reading 1 of about 250 integrated ingame books and stories. Graphics: This game has pulled off something I have thought to be impossible and pushed the whole gaming industry to the new levels. It has successfully integrated superb graphics into a lot of content. World is beautiful, vast and full of variety and although a bit dark by default this can very easily be changed by just picking one mod from the workshop. Workshop: Why does this deserve a special tab? Because thanks to workshop, earlier mentioned 200 hours of gameplay easily turn into thousands of hours of gameplay. Don't like any part of the game? Change it! Modify it! Add to it! A huge amount of mods are being made every day, and whether they spawn an extra cupcake in your house or add new cities with their own storylines they will all change your experience and prolong the fun. Name what you want to do, it exists. ALL OF IT. Cons: - Few possible glitches, but all have their fix, just need to be googled out. - A bit too confusing and overwhelming at the start. A lot of unanswered questions may put you off the game. This happened to me on the first two attempts to play the game. I ended up going to the first town, becoming a woodcutter, killing a chicken and getting chased by the guards. But once you push on, you will be nothing but glad you did. Who am I even writing this for? Is there any poor soul out there who has not yet played this game? BUY IT. NOW. Please?]For those who dreamed of a game that allowed to cross the woods, discover secrets and explore a world full of dangers and full of opportunities, the release of The Elders Scrolls V: Skyrim is a dream come true. Bethesda improves what has been done with Oblivion, putting a cure realization and amount of content that we never expected. After about forty hours of play, apart from the main quest, we did not come at the head of almost anything, many are content, things to do and those that perhaps we will never make. There is some venial sins and approach the statistics to which we must get used to, but the fact remains that Skyrim is a masterpiece, the kind that has a duty to live if you love RPGs and those video games that only some software companies are still able to do.]Skyrim is the latest installment in Bugthesda's legendary Elder scrolls franchise,games which have always been touted as "genre defining" & it pleases me to say that skyrim is no exception. With it's barren vast open world landscape & it's cast of interesting characters skyrim is the definitive RPG experience that you will ever get to play. In order to elaborate on this, I am now going to give you the reasons as to why you should get The Elder scrolls V Skyrim. Pros Flying mammoths Gorgeous game world with 512 x 512 & 256 x 256 textures ( 1024 x 1024 with the HD texture pack ) Excellent companion AI that hinder quests by stepping on to traps as well as triggering them for you in order to make you feel more immersed in the game as well as blocking doorways & always being spotted by the enemy especially if you want to roleplay as a sneaky character. This is another feature that makes you feel more immersed. No dependence on mods. Unlike the other games in the franchise Skyrim is not dependent on mods to keep it interesting even after 300+ hours of gameplay cause who doesn't love replaying the same opening sequence for the 6th time. Easy & glitchy dragon fights. Who needs challenging boss battles when we can just kill dragons & feel like gods. Screw timing & skill required in your average game boss fights. Skyrim did it right so much so that you don't even have to lift a finger in most fights. You can just let the other Npcs handle it for you. It's not like the game says that you are the only one who can kill the dragons. Broken quests. This is the most important feature of the game as it encourages the player to keep playing the game again & again in order to complete that quest. And at times it also forces the player to delete saves & hence reducing progress you have made so far in the game.This further increases your game time. Bugthesda are one of the true pioneers of this feature & other games have also started adopting this. Paid mods is the latest innovation that bugthesda in collaboration with valve have brought to the table for skyrim. Although Skyrim is not dependent on mods but it is still a good option for the players cause who doesn't want to pay for something that may or may not work & could possibly harm your saved game. To be honest i can't think of a single con for this game cause it's just so perfect and i think i have made that very clear with the features mentioned above. I think my only gripe would be that the soundtrack is just so meh in my humble opinion. Final verdict : 11/10 Skyrim is a game that definitely deserved the critical acclaim that it got back in 2011 although it was released in the same year that saw games like i don't know Deus Ex Human Revolution, Batman Arkham City, Dark Souls, Uncharted 3, Witcher 2 but hey those games don't stand a chance against skyrim & all of it's innovative feautures. A clear GOTY winner]I dont know why people wear horned helmets. They look like angry cows.]I killed a chicken. Whole town attacked me. 10/10 would kill again.]Fornicate with wenches, acquire gold.]-First Day Reviews- ======= Highlights ======= - Exceptional Graphics - Immersive Storyline - Best Open World RPG - Do anything, Be Anything You Want - Fighting Dragons With Your Voice! ============= Journal Experience ============= Journal Entry 1 After a harsh struggle with morals and general common sense I have decided to take on the life of a Serial Killer. This was a difficult decision, but none the less my career will be full of adventure and creativity im sure. Journal Entry 2 I stumble upon a small village in the middle of a lush green valley. The town is very cute and has lots of character, The trees lay down gently caressing the mossy roofs of the residents old homes. There is a quiet calm stream the flows through the center of town. yes.... this is my ideal place to begin my career. Journal Entry 3 I start by scanning out the town guard's positions, from what I can tell there are only 3 of them. With such a small town who would ever think to need more guards?.... perfect... Now we just need to carefully pick our victim. I scan around, I see a few older ladies, a few older men, A boy walking with his dog.... But who do I choose? ... so many choices Journal Entry 4 While scanning the small crowd of residents I hear a women's voice from behind me say some type of vulgar insult about my clothing. I turn around to see a ugly women with a sneer on her face. She sticks her nose in the air and shoves passed me. I can hear her mumbling something else as she walks away but can't quite make it out. I think we found our first victim :) Journal Entry 5 I decided to quietly follow her, she goes to the market and picks out fruits and meats, she wanders over to the stream and glances at it for awhile, she makes small chit chat with another women. Finally she starts walking out of town down the road for a ways. I quietly take cover in the forest and sneak along. She leads me to what appears to be a small mill on the edge of town. She walks into the older looking home next to the mill. Its still daylight and I don't want to risk an attack that she can escape from... better wait till night. Journal Entry 6 I wait until about 1am, its pitch black out and all seems quiet.... time to get a closer look at her home. I lockpick the door and sneak inside. The walls are decorated with all manner of animal heads, swords and shields. She has the fire lit and the light from it bounces off all the corners of the room. I find her quietly sleeping on a bed in the corner, I pull my dagger from my cloak and raise it. With one mighty stab she gives out her last breath and sprawls out silently on the bed. Now to leave my mark, earlier on I purchased a small quantity of blue flowers from a market, this will indeed be my insignia. I position her arms so that they are across her stomach, I then gently place the blue flower in her chest. A respectful position and a perfect mark for my career. Journal entry 7 I have cleared out most of the valuable items in the house....*Door slams*.... "OH NO" I hear shout from behind me! Its the husband! I should have done my research better, I should have noticed the large pair of boots next to her bed, they were far to big for her... How could I be so stupid. The man turns and runs out the door... I'm going to have to catch him or else im done for. I give chase, as I burst out of the door I can see that he will get to town far before I can catch him with my dagger. I pull my bow out, im only going to get one shot, if I miss im going to have to make a run for it. I take a deep breath and steady my aim, I carefully pitch my bow up and down... trying to gauge his distance as he runs. I release my arrow, it sails gracefully through the air... then I lose sight of it....Did I miss??.. I wait...Horrfied... hoping... begging.... I see his body fall face first to the ground, a perfect shot, a perfect kill. Journal Entry 8 I quickly run over to the mans body, we are now only about 20 feet from town but luckily there are no guards walking by yet. I grab hold of the body and drag it into the woods. I decide that maybe its time that the guards know they are not in control anymore. I drag the body to the mouth of the stream that flows into the town. I pull him into the water and let go, the stream's current is weak but its enough to float him into the town. I proudly strut into town to await his body's arrival, the guards are all gathered around the center of town with lit torches talking. I wait patiently beside the market.... then I hear one of the guards yell "A Body!" The guards and 2 other residents run over to investigate, gasps and mumbling begin to develop around the group. I turn away and start heading out of the town.... My work is done here... Many more towns to visit in skyrim :) ========== Video Reviews ========== Oculus Playthrough http://youtu.be/Xqbozfvp4Os Playthrough http://youtu.be/zfdaAJMduTY ================ First Day Reviews Links ================ Youtube https://www.youtube.com/fdreviews Facebook https://www.facebook.com/fdreviews Twitter https://twitter.com/FirstDayReviews Steam Group http://steamcommunity.com/groups/firstdayreviews Twitch http://www.twitch.tv/firstdayreviews]Despite what you may have heard, this game is not actually about dragons all that much. The story centers around Vietnam vet John Wayne, a devoted husband and loving father troubled by his past. When Jarl Snowden summons John to his court in Bethlehem the player is given the first key game mechanic, the "look at stuff" feature. This feature is innovative and fresh, giving the player a new way to interact with the game. Using the mouse, the player can move John's head and experience what stuff looks like through his eyes. Or, if you're a pro like me, you'll want to toggle to third person so you can see John's back aswell! This new feature has never been seen before in any game, and renders the genre fresh again. After Jarl Snowden talks to John about some N.S.A. leak scandal, you must take on the role of John's alter ego, Rage Cage, and spend the next day and half walking to Hyrule. Once there, King Hugh Jayniss informs you that you could of just fast travelled here instead of walking. Upon which, I put down the game to write this review.]Providing me with seemingly endless fun :)]= Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  This game isn't boring even when you play it slowly, just look around, enjoy the beautiful scenery and explore the world of Skyrim. Whether you are killing bad guys or exploring the unknown, you need a trusty follower by your side! Mods, there are tons of mods out there that can make your game as realistic as possible and as beautiful as possible. Tons of quest too, that also include custom quests made by fans. Wide range of class like; Warriror, Archer, Mage, Battle Mage, Spellsword, Rogue, Nightblade, Ranger, Necromancer, Ilusionist, Cleric, Thief and many more, it all depend on your playstyle. Of course you don't have to go around killing people, you can always enjoy hunting animals if you like, or exploring the whole Skyrim.]After 600 hours put into this masterpiece (and after I hopefully started to understand most of the lore behind the Elder Scrolls universe), I think I am ready to write a review for Skyrim. Personally, the best feeling I had while playing this game was getting back to my home, after 3 days of fighting dragons, exploring dungeons and talking with NPCs. My kids were eager to see what I got them, so I gave them a lot of toys I have found in the huge landscape. They also had surprises waiting for me, plenty alchemical ingredients, and even coins. There are many races to choose from, my favorite one being the Khajit, a cat-human appearance specialised in Sneaking and Thieving. Players who don't like this playing style, but generally want to play as a Khajit (or any other race) will be happy to see that Skyrim lets them make the character THEY want. If you want, for example, a Mage Argonian, it will be, of course, harder work than for a High Elf, but as much rewarding, because you will notice how your character truly evolves during the adventure. You have tons of options, tons of playing styles (which you can mix or even change at any point in the game if you feel like it). But enough with characters. Other aspect which really felt unique and incredible was the size of the land. Not only Skyrim itself is huge, considerably one of the biggest maps seen in a video game, but it's also fullfilled with things to do. I never went from one hold to another without finding plenty of puzzles, chests, dungeons into my way. And, if you're like me, you don't want to rush through the main story and prefer instead to explore more or do miscellaneous quests, you'll be glad to take the side roads whenever you see them. They will take you to caves, mines, villages, farms, dungeons, and even dragon lairs. The exploration never had an end for me, not even after so many hours spent into the game. You are probably curious about the combat system. While technically not one of the best I have seen in a RPG, I must admit that it had massively been improved since Morrowind and Oblivion. The ''Luck'' factor is not present any more, so you can't miss a shot when you clearly were very close to the enemy. The third person combat camera is now immersive, with tons of new animations and a new feature which I like a lot: the killcam. One final aspect I'd like to talk about is the length of the game. While the main storyline is relatively short (took me around 10 hours on hardest difficulty), the side quests and guild quests make this game incredibly long. If you get Skyrim and plan on beating every single quest, clearing every dungeon, finding every landmark, you'd better get prepared for a very, VERY long journey. I myself haven't completed a quarter of the entire game yet (checked progress with a mod). This game is by far my favorite RPG at the time being, its biggest rival in my opinion being Dragon Age: Inquisition. Pros: + incredibly large landscape, mixing bioms from tundra to winter, from pine forest to stone holds; + a lot of locations, free for player to explore; hundreds of dungeons, caves, which at their turn are themselves long and filled with enemies, puzzles, traps which will reward handsomely the player at the end; + plenty of quests, most of which don't require the player to have completed the main questline; + the introduction of dragons as enemies, for the first time in the Elder Scrolls games; + residents of cities and villages all have their own lives and families. In the morning, they will leave their home and go to their job, in the afternoon they will take a break for eating, and in the evening they will close their shop and go back to their home or at the inn for some mead, where after a few hours will go to sleep; + random encounters will let the player find more about the game; fugitives will tell you to keep their stolen item for a short while, followed by a scene where the owner finds you and asks you whether you have seen the thief (at this point, you can lie, you can tell him where the thief went, or you can be most honest and give him his item); couriers will once in a while give the corespondence to you, which can lead to impressive new quests or will update your map with new locations; you can find farmers giving their cows as sacrifice for the giants, and many, many more other events, all unpredicatble; + the leveling system has been improved since Oblivion: after you have a high level, you will no longer see ALL enemies wearing the Daedric armor, instead you will continue to find packs of bandits, some of them having leather armor and others having more powerful armor and items; + player can buy home in 5 holds, where he can place his loot, take his wife and kids and take a rest; this, personally, felt like a huge immersive feature in the game world; + new powers added to the game world, called Shouts; will let you find out more about it x); + you feel that your character truly evolves as you progress; more over, you can make what you want of your character: a good warrior, archer, thief, mage etc., by using perks; Cons: - interface is worse than at previous games; you can't sort items by criterias (feature that had been available in Oblivion), you can't search for a specific item when you have plenty of loot in your backpack, and the aspect is generally bad; thus i recommend using a mod that changes inventory; - while reasonable, the game is filled with bugs, some of which can even break a quest; again, i recommend using the Unofficial Patches; - some textures and meshes haven't been vigurously worked by developers and they look bad for 2011; Personal rating: 95/100]Note: to see this review in its true form go to:http://wildwoodgeek2.blogspot.com/2014/04/gameskyrim.html Ah, Skyrim, the King of RPG games and the game that led to a flood of crappy "arrow to the knee" jokes that swarmed the internet for months. I doubt there is anyone who doesn't know of skyrim by now but i'll give you my two-cents. Skyrim is a action-RPG that plays out in a masvie open-world with thousands of side quests,things to plant/gather, and to fight. Skyrim is in a bloody Civil war between the Storm Cloaks and the Imperial army. But under the surface even more factions are fighting for turf, The Thieves guild, its glory long gone, strives to reclaim their title as masters of darkness. The Dark Brotherhood, crumbling and in despair seeks out new opportunities to return to the day when people feared them and respected them. The College of Winterhold, a old school for Mages, that fell into hard times after half of Winterhold fell into the ocean, uncovers a powerful relic that could allow Infinite wisdom or Infinite Destruction. That is just a sample of the deep story and background of skyrim. the world of skyrim IS alive and many a writer spent long hours making a amazing and life-like world. The Best part about skyrim is there is so much to do! want to be a Vampire? you can do that! want to be a werewolf and murder people? you can do that! want to kill people and eat them for dinner? guess what? you can do that! (<-- You know that is a slight bit creepy.) but really, skyrim is an open-world dream. the main storyline is fun and engaging the side quest sometimes turn into their own winding paths that take hours to complete. this makes skyrim a HUGE source of fun and gameplay. there are a few problems with Skyrim however. The game crashes often on some PCs. but some mods on the Nexus mod site will help with that. and of course with some a HUGE world there are also bugs a-glore. and with Bethseda gone off to The Elder Scrolls Online, chances are that they wont get fixed. But! the mod community has dealt with these bugs and most can be fixed by downloading the Unofficial Patch. the Steam Workshop and Nexus Mods provide an endless source of game-changing content, from new armor to flying houses to brand new branching quests. and that there is the BEST part of Skyrim on PC, The mods available explode your game-content. you play as a king of skyrim, you can marry (and kill) multiple wifes. you can get thousands of new weapons, even lightsabers! Gamers with epic gaming PCs can download the free ULTRA HD texture pack from Bethsdea themselves, and if you want to take it a step forward you can download Ultra ENBs. Skyrim Really is a different game with MODS. . some players may feel that the game is too easy. there's a mod for that. some players may feel that the cities are too empty, there's a mod for that. some players may feel like there should be more NPCs. there's a mod for that. my point is that with the MODS available on PC you really can custom your Skyrim experience to what you want,so even if you already own Skyrim on PS3 or Xbox 360, you should still pickup The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim on the Steam store.]They removed the paid mods, so it's an instant 11/10 again. It's okay]Here are some things to know about this game: Kill the Emperor, no one will give a . Accidently kill a chicken and the whole world will try to murder you. Kill a dragon to save a city, no one will give a . Accidently "steal" 1 coin when no one is around, the most peaceful civilians around you will pull out knives to carve a smile on your soul. Silently and perfectly kill 3 villagers and no one will notice if no one is around. Whole town is still informed about your crime(s) if a chicken saw what you've done. You're fighting and about to die. Freeze time and space to eat 243 potatoes to heal yourself. Also, if you think you've ruined your own life because you've played this game, please don't say that, you're not one of those people who read every single book they find in the game. 11/10 Would uninstall again - IGN]Best RPG I've ever played. It has a really beautiful the graphics, interesting missions and visiting different locations. Game can be enlivened by various mods which is more interesting. In my opinion this is a game in which every player should play. My rating is 10/10.]A beautifully crafted never ending epic high fantasy game. Once you finished the game, come back and you'll discover new things you haven't encountered in your first game. Tread lightly and watch the sky.]Able to kill a dragon by shouting. Not able to fight in water.]U can have A beard & U can kill by shouting]Amazing, worth every penny! Worthwhile and fun especially with all dlc. Not to mention unlimited modding capabilities that will make the game more insanely beautiful than it already is.]Ruined my life 10/10]Killed the emperor, got fined 9000 gold. Stole a cabbage, got sent to prison, and wanted all over Skyrim. 10/10, would steal a cabbage again.]I have been playing games almost my whole life (15+ years). I can honestly say this is one of the best games I have ever played and I will tell you why. I have had around 500 hours invested into this game across multiple platforms and playthroughs. (PC is the best version) First is the graphics, I've added mods but just the standard game is one of the best I've ever seen. The trees, grass, animals and the level of detail that the game includes is amazing! I literally spent about 4 hours the first day of its release back in 2011 just wandering through the world examining the different things in amazement at how detailed and beautiful it was. The second thing that makes this great is the commentary, it's all voiced and basically everyone can be spoken to in the game and everyone plays a part. (More on that later) Next is the content 100+ dungeons around 10 major cities and a few extra small towns there is much to see and explore I can honestly say through about 500 hours of gameplay I still can find new places or things I've somehow missed over the hours. Quests and random events are all throughout these places you will not run out of things to do (and if by some chance you do there are mods! haha). Now that being said most everyone in the game is "killable" and if you kill them it may stop a certain small side quest from being available. So you really have to make decisions wisely. Choices matter and if you don't watch yourself you can miss out. Which can hook you into another playthrough like I was. You can play mostly as a mage, as a sworded warrior, an archer or create something of your own it's all up to you! Now before I'm done I will add that the 3 DLC packs (Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn) are all great additions. If you have the money buy the Lengendary Edition of the game it's worth it. Dawnguard adds some extra gameplay and features, Hearthfire add the ability to build your own home and adopt children (actually really cool additions) then Dragonborn adds a whole new questline and location to play on. They are all worth the money and you will not go wrong buying this game. Only minor things not even worth mentioning are problems in this game and I would not hesitate to give it a 99/100 easy. But as one final warning it is possible to lose yourself in this game. I've spent roughly 500 hours playing this one game and still far from laying it down. It can take your life and give you a virtual one (think with Hearthfire; home, wife, kids... A whole life!). It's an amazing game and I highly recommend you buy it.]Quit Button is useless for this game]kill zambis get munny bild hous rid hors of muntan kil dragin w/ wurds becum lissard ninja meny things ken do in eder scoss v skiram is fun gaim. mabe favurit gaim uf al taim. but wen i play eder scoss v skiram i no can stop vary adiktin ruin slepp pattirns eets all my spar taim pls halp no can stop play eder scoss v skiram is in kontroll my laif.]With great graphics, Great gameplay, and a captivating sandbox-like atmosphere, this game is a must-have for your library! Load it with mods, and you have unlimited entertainment. 123593245904356/10]The Elder Scrolls V is my first classic RPG, and have found it to be as an enthralling a gaming experience as the world of Skyrim itself is magnificent. This game is a masterpiece in its scope, variety and beautiful vistas. Skyrim is what a player wants to make of it and I for one have discovered a new passion in pc gaming. I highly recommend Skyrim to you as well worth trying.]10/10 The EPIC , super LEGENDARY , most AWESOMENESS OF AWESOME GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!. I spent hours (Don't be fooled by my steam given hours), days, weeks, and years playing this game and it still doesn't get old, you know why? I'll tell you later. When I first played Skyrim, I spent a day just doing one mission because of looting every single thing and exploring every single corner of the god forsaken dungeon I was in. Moving on later in the game, I discovered some exploits and some other things to make things easier, finishing the main story and moving on to the side quests. After all that, I discovered, (I'LL TELL YOU WHY IT NEVER GETS OLD) MODS!!! THAT'S RIGHT, MODS! It took me a month in total to get all the mods I've wanted, still new mods are released to make other mods look like crap and once again, modding the game. This game ruined my life (not really but in a good way). I would want to tell you the story and some mechanics on why this game is good but I am not a serious reviewer. I just want to tell you guys this is the bomb right here. This game is just plain awesome. P.S. FUS-RO-DAH!!!]Definitely a must buy! An excellent RPG game,with an interesting story,great graphics,and huge world.]In the campaign my horse killed the dragon, so the people started worshiping my horse and called him "DragonBorn" He was then called to the elders in the mountains, I watched as people cheered my horses name. Now I am just an NPC who sits under the tree in Whiterun and cries. 11/10]Let me take you back to mid-2011. When I first heard of Skyrim coming out later that year, I wasn't thrilled at all. Having played Oblivion briefly in the past, and not being convinced at all, Skyrim became the most over-hyped game I could think of. When it eventually went on the shelves and I had a few glances at the Let's Plays that popped up all over YouTube, I looked at it in sheer disbelief. It looked awful, very awkwardly wet textures, that was one of my main issues (honestly!). I decided, however, and that was after the initial euphoria with the gaming community had died down a bit during the frosty nights of early January of 2012, I might give it a go, once a legit price drop had occurred and the big hype had completely dispersed. So then, in April of 2012 I finally ordered a retail copy from the UK. I had ordered it together with a dear friend of mine, that regularly orders games from the UK (on account that they are much cheaper there than in Germany), and he encouraged me to boot it up. I had a good time with it, but it was, well, just good. I had tried a few mods from the Steam Workshop for my first time playing, mainly the HD Texture Pack and a few other minor tweaks. I continued to play the game and eventually I became aware of the much larger modding community of the Nexus Pages. And this is where my interest in the game finally sparked immensely. Modding became more of a challenge and I needed help. This help came in the form of Gopher's modding guides. Gopher offered a variety of concise and easy to follow guides to modding games on his Youtube Channel, as well as, and that was the gist of it all a very entertaining series of Let's Plays of Skyrim. His play style is somewhat different to what I had had in the past, but it so verily applied to how I feel about games in general. Games are the perfect medium of literary immersion. A game can engage you on so many more levels than a book or a film can ever dare to. And that is exactly why Skyrim eventually became such a dear game to me. Skyrim is a game that rewards engagement in its lore. It can become so lively, so intricately designed, but only if the player is willing to go further than bluntly playing the game. It is a living, breathing world with a back story so rich, that one can not ever learn all of it. I myself regularly lose myself reading through the articles on the Elder Scrolls Wiki Pages, stepping from one topic into the next. The Story of Skyrim is very iconic in the way that it is written. Joseph Campbell's "monomyth" or "The Hero's Journey" in which the Protagonist is called from his normal life to adventure, on a quest to save the world. There are obstacles along the way, wise teachers and climactic action. The Monomyth is a pattern that works well and it does so in Skyrim too. The internal development of the Dragonborn hero however, is up to the imagination of the player, and this is where immersion comes into play again. If you are not willing to immerse yourself in the game and identify with the Dragonborn, the game will have no lasting value to you. The gameplay also intrigued me. Having slight prior experience with RPGs I have touched the basics of typical RPG game play. Skyrim however stands out from the crowd by making levelling an organic process. You swing a sword at an enemy - you get better at sword fighting; you get hit - your experience with armour increases; you mix ingredients together - you learn their effects and become better at creating potions. This process, this "learning-by-doing" feels very natural, very logical. Much more so than the typical RPG practice of gaining experience through completing quests or fights and then choosing yourself what you want to become better at. Another great implication of this levelling model is that it essentially resolves the issue of class-restrictions. You can be whoever you want to be: you can be a heavily armoured mage, you can be a lightly armoured, two-handed weapon wielding killing machine, you can combine magic and one-handed weaponry, and, most importantly, you are allowed to do all of them at once if you choose to. The Combat itself runs in real time, like its predecessors, and there is no automatic hit-and-miss calculation involved like it was the case in Morrowind for example, ergo, you hit - you hit, you miss - you miss; an action-style combat system. However, and this is a big however, there is no locational hit detection, so that head shots or blows to specific body parts on enemies generally have no different effect from hitting any other body part. This is made up by the fact that certain perks add chances of critical damage to their respective weapon types. The world design of Skyrim at times is stunningly beautiful, awe-inspiring vistas, gloomy caves and warm, inviting inns. And then there are times, when everything looks a bit dull. This is owed to the fact that Skyrim is such a resource heavy game, that in the development Bethesda had to work with a lot of ambient lighting which is not always practical and doesn't look very good. Vanilla (modder's jargon for "the unmodded game") Skyrim, therefore suffers a few drawbacks in regards to its looks. And so, we come to my final argument. This argument may be the strongest of all, because it might eliminate all of the issues that I have with the game. It is the moddabilty. Through the use of mods, that can also be created by the player itself using the free Creation Kit that came with the copies of the game, every mistake, every bug, every minute inadequacy can be remedied. If you don't like the look of something, you can mod it. If you don't like the way something works, you can mod it. If you feel something is missing from the game or something it is need of, you can mod it in. If something is broken, you can fix it with mods. Modding can add to the game in such a grand way, it can change your experience entirely, or it can just enhance it. And it can make Skyrim play the way you want. This is what "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is all about: player choice. If you will, you can play it for a couple of hours and then never touch it again. But if you are willing to engage yourself further, there is so much more you can do with it. It can become your very own epic poem.]This game, with mods, will create a strange sort of paradoxical space/time field around you that will make years and aeons fly by as you slowly whither away into a slightly decrepid, old, wrinkly and beardy version of your former self. You will cuddle up in blankets as you build tents with Frostfall to avoid the bitter cold of Skyrim, emerging from your cave beneath the fortress of Helgen only to enter that place that the mere mortals call "outside" just to get food, water and caffeine. Your social life will slowly collapse like a flan in a cupboard, and all contact with this "outside" they speak of will eventually cease. Five stars]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave. The game has one of the largest active modding communities of any game. This helps to spice up gameplay and graphics. With new residents, new weapons and armor, incredible house mods adding giant castles, and visual mods. You can spend hours upon hours finding mods that suit your needs in the nordic lands of Skyrim. It is worth to note that you should know the game to an extent before modding, as it can corrupt save files if not done properly. If I'd have to rate it, it would be a 10/10.]its like skyrim with dragons]Best RPG ever, hands down.]What is there to say about 'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim'? First off, this piece of art is one of those games that really sucks you up. It can be 23:00 when you start playing and after what feels like 10 minutes it's actually 1:00. The grassy planes around Whiterun, the mountains in the Reach, the swamps in the Rift and the snowy tundras of Winterhold will make you want to quit real life and just live in Skyrim for the rest of your mortal life. But beware adventurer! The province of Skyrim isn't all fun and games. It may appear to be a peaceful place, but once you enter the deep caves or get lost in one of the treacherous swamps you will see it's true face. For Skyrim isn't just the home of the Nords, but also that of many dangerous predators. There are the Draugrs, who live in the many tombs under the face of the earth and will attempt to kill you if you enter their final resting place. Or the frostbite spiders, who will attack you with their poisonous webs once you're close enough. The most famous predator in Skyrim would perhaps be the dragons, who are returning to Skyrim. It is your goal as the 'dragonborn' to put an end to this. Though you speak their language, which offers many advantages, they will not think twice about attacking you. Skyrim offers many options, like talking and helping out the townspeople, other adventurers or complete strangers as sidequests. When you're not busy with the main storyline or these sidequests you'll find out the province of Skyrim has alot more to offer. Roaming around Skyrim will make you realize how big it actually is. However, make sure you are prepared before entering the wilderness because as I said before, many predators will attempt to put an end to your life. The $19,99 you pay for this game is a very fair deal when you consider how much time alot people put in it. I hope this review convinced you to buy this masterpiece.]It's like Oblivion with nords. 9.4/10]Your one way ticket to being able to kill the children. Story 10/10 Graphics 10/10 Sounds 9/10 ... Mods 1000000000000000 OUTTA MOTHER ING 10]I Fus-Ro-Dahed a goat off a mountian, then a dragon came and Fus-Ro-Dahed me off the mountian. 11/10! Great game and not easy to get bored of. Entertaining in every way, and I highly recommend getting the DLC's, aswell. They really complete the game.]Tried to pickpocket a trader. Failed to pickpocket the trader. Trader tried to kill me. Ran into an inn. Trader followed me into the inn. The people at the inn killed the trader. 10/10]400hrs played. 100hrs playing vanilla Skyrim. 300hrs playing Skyrim with mods. 75% of the amount of time I played Skyrim was because of the amazing mod community. Would buy this game with all its DLC over and over again til im bankrupt and can't play it no more. SO BUY IT !]Getting really high and flying a dragon through the skies; Getting smashed and kicking everyone's ; Lighting some dream crystal, and uhh.. collecting crystals.. Snorting a line and committing various crimes; Whatever state of mind you go in, you'll certainly be entertained. But, the additives definitely ensure the game's not lame So far I have collected thousands of minerals and countless bottles of skooma.. In hopes that my Breton dealer can amass a king's fortune Then I'll build myself a badass mansion where I'll have high elf babes everywhere and I can pork their brains out and pass on my half-blood seed.]Great game. I've been playing it for more than two years and I have enjoyed every minute.]Let's make short and simple: If you are on steam, and you don't own this game, then you're doing it wrong. WRONG. The game is immensley vast, atmosphere is so.. cool. The game will just suck you in. It has LOADS of contents that will keep you busy for 100+ hours for sure. And mods are just icing on the cake; if you're a graphics-hungry person, mods can make this game look better than most "next-gen" games out there, if modded correctly. And the sceneries, oh the sceneries, I just feel like sitting on my chair and just keep staring at those vast fields of beautiufl grasslands. Totally recommend this game. 15/10. BUT, but, one and only con that I found is of the fighting mechanics; it is just so bland. Nothing else I dislike about this game.]It's my favorite game of all time.]i'm here fighting dragons and what my cousin's gains? Guard duty 10/10 my cousin sucks!!!!]"Horses can 1v1 mountains anytime" -IGN 15/10]i had Ebola and this game cured it]Exellent game 10 out of 10 and the mods just keeps it new and exiting]if you're a fan of the Elder Scrolls series, or just interested in checking it out, i recommend Skyrim. While Morrowind will always be my favorite TES game, Skyrim is probably the most accessible of the series, not too mention my 2nd favorite. though Oblivion had a slightly better Quest Log, Skyrim is the superior game overall of the two.]Mod it till it crashes! :D]A game that is complicated to critique. For the first 30-50 hours, you will be completely absorbed in the beautiful and vast world, with seemingly endless opportunities for exploration and questing. As you continue to play, the cracks start to show. The gameplay systems are incredibly shallow, the characters wooden, the world still beautiful but the dungeons copy/pasted 120 times over with the same enemies, the same meaningless loot. The complication arises when you realize that while you are slowly starting to loathe the game, you've had 30+ hours of fun before hitting that point. So the question is, was it worth it?]Pro Tip: 1. If a group of terrorists wants to execute you, just ask them if you could have a last wish. If they say yes, tell them this: 2. "Please just let me finish that game that I'm currently playing (Skyrim) completely!" 3. Enjoy living forever!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim + Huge arsenal of weapons (Melee Weapons, Spells, Staffs) + Hundreds of Quests (Main quests, Side quests, Miscellaneous quests) + Hundreds of enemy types + Huge open world to explore + Decisions to make (Stormcloaks of Imperials) - World can be buggy]Imagine a game with incredible depth, unprecedented writing and an engrossing world. This is not that game. However you can shout at dragons and marry lizards, so get it anyways.]I stripped everyone naked in Whiterun except the Jarl. Used my Daedric Gloves and fisted everyone's Arses GOTY 10/10]I killed a hen. Whole town attacked me. Best game ever.]Greatest game I've ever played! Skyrim changed my perspective on gaming as a whole, it's a work of art! From the second you create your character, you won't ever be bored again while playing. There's always something to do in Skyrim, always new quests, new locations, or dragons to slay, and the graphics are amazing! Everything is great, and even though I feel that the NPC's could've been programmed a little bit better, it's nothing that doesn't make the game experience amazing. Best 60$ i've ever spent, and I would gladly have paid more. Buy it! :3]Skyrim is undoubtedly the best purchase I have made in the past year. It's worth every $ that it's listed at especially when considering the insane amount of content you are given. I have only spent about 100 hours in the game (this is short in comparison to a lot of people on my friends list) but I can assure you that those hours were all packed with immersive content. Here are some key features that hooked me into the game.. 1. Dungeon Complexity - When I say complexity, I mean that the design for the game's dungeons vary greatly from simple to complex. You just have to keep exploring and you'll eventually run into the intricately designed areas that get you to pause for a moment and think before being able to progress. At times.. I ALMOST felt as if I were playing the latest Tomb Raider once again. I also found it quite neat that you could use your shouts to bypass/solve a few of the puzzles. 2. Playstyle Freedom - I'm sure tht a lot of people take similar routes but the game does offer a great deal of freedom with its perk system. It's definitely a step up compared to games like Kingdoms of Amalur. Do you enjoy melee combat? How about magic? How about a balance of both? There's a lot of possibilities. 3. Expansive Lore - As I've mentioned, the game has a ton of content. Playing through everything (especially if you are aiming for complete achievements), gives you perspective on the whole story and it really is interesting when some quest's lore ties into another - maybe even forming a bigger picture. Skyrim definitely has a lot more charming qualities but these are the features that I really wanted to highlight. They stood out for me and it was for these reasons that I ended up buying the game last year (only to play it now - 2014) during the summer sale. With that said, I paid $30 for the legendary edition. Wouldn't you agree that for all this content, it was pretty much a steal? How many games can you list down that provide hundreds, nearly thousands of hours worth of content (especially if you count the mods) for that kind of price. Just remember, multiplayer games don't count! 10/10. Buy it when it goes on sale during this upcoming summer sale event.]Skyrim is one of my favorite games of all time, this game is pure art, the role play is great if you are a nerd like me, however if you don't plan on role playing and you just want to play an amazing game then you can unlike other titles like fallout this game does not punish you and it is not a very hard game, i played it in master for most of my stay in the land of skyrim. This game is the kind of type game where it is not about the end its all about the journey. I have played a lot of rpgs in my day, and in most the quests have been bland and the main idea was to explore however this game can be both the quests are great, the story is great the map is amazing, Yeah there may not be as many random encounters like fallout, however when exploring you will allways find something new, and as we are pc master race we also get the privlage of mods that add alot more to the game which is amazing, i mainly enjoyed some of the modded quests, and horror quests. If you dont have this game by now f*cking buy it jez 10/10]i killed a chicken once and the entire town want to kll me.]Why are u reading my review when u could be playing skyrim?]This game truly deserves the title of "near perfection", being one of those rare milestones that comes every so often in years of gaming. Skyrim itself, is probably the best release from Bethesda's Elder Scrolls series. Story wise, this is one of the most developed storyline from the series, giving much enjoyment overall. In all honesty, we can say that the community is one of the most desirable aspect of Skyrim, due to their dedication in further releases of modifications - improving much of the overall gameplay (it never hurts to crank up those graphics). It would be a pity to not try Skyrim in the course of your lifetime, so it's advisable to go ahead and try it!]Best Reality Simulator Ever: Reasons~ ~Strip down naked and run around a bar full of weird creatures ~Get married SINCE your that desperate ~Fall of a cliff and witness your horse die :( (Never Again, just never again) ~Get a bunch of mods which make you question your sanity BUY THIS GAME]You need to buy this. You don't need to follow the quests. You can join groups and become a hitman (Dark Brotherhood) or a master thief.(Thieves' Guild) Much more groups. You can hunt animals and admire the graphics. Very real. A game for 2010 is better than some games that just came out. I'll see you playing it! I'll rate this 1000/10 dragons. Oh yeah, that right. There is a workshop of this. If you get bored of this game once you complete you can download mods.]DO NOT KILL CHICKENS!!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is built solely on the idea of discovery. In the very beginning you have no idea who you are, where you are, or why youre aboard a carriage filled with condemned prisoners. All you know is youre an outsider, and once youve reached your destination, your execution awaits. The caravan arrives in the small forted village of Helgan, where youre pulled from the carriage. Your captors fail to recognize you; theyre just as puzzled by your appearance as anyone else. Are you a man or woman, an Argonian or Breton? This is your first opportunity to ask yourself who you are and who you want to be in Skyrim; it wont be the last time you ask yourself this. Lucky for you, the execution fails, granting you an opportunity to escape Helgan. This is where Skyrim commences and where your story within Bethesdas world begins. Youve been told to visit a town not far north of your escape, but nothing other than the word of your new friend is there to compel you to visit it. The entire province is at your fingertips. Skyrim is structured in a loose manner, allowing the player to discover its world and various narrative strands at the pace that they desire. Characters will tell you where you should go, but there is never any real urgency to do any of it. The world is cluttered with distractions and what makes this experience unique is the distractions form the very heart of Skyrim. The core narrative, as it is, is a mean to an end, an excuse to pilot you from one corner of the world to the other. Its hard to imagine anyone following a single narrative strand when its impossible to travel from one quest point to the next without stumbling upon some sort of ruin, cave, encampment or fort. The narrative has its high points, but its always made secondary by the next undiscovered location on your compass; and thats because Bethesda wants you to pave your own story. Undiscovered locations dot the entire province of Skyrim, leaving the map a venerable piece of swiss cheese after a few dozen hours. Discoveries are the actual loot and tracking every single one of them down is the addiction that thrusts players headfirst into Bethesdas fiction. Every location, small or large, is populated with its own personal story, which makes every journey feel special and rewarding. Theres an understanding that this world, this place, existed before you fell upon it; theres also an unshakable feeling that its all been staged for you. Skyrim would have you believe its a dynamic world thats constantly in flux, when in reality its more like a car stuck in neutral, waiting to be put into gear. Characters go about their daily routines but they merely exist to bestow quests or impart dense records of lore; no-one is truly alive when youre not engaged with them. One of the principal quest lines revolves around the Imperials and the Stormcloaks, two factions waging a purportedly bloody, savage civil war that has split the region in two. In each and every town across the land nearly every single person is happy to share an opinion on the war, telling you how dire the situation has become. But there is no war, no conflict, not unless you decide to take part in it yourself; you may see hundreds of random encounters in this Nordic land, but youll never see the War for Skyrim unfolding. Fiction aside, Skyrim is a vast, majestic world to discover. Bethesda is unparalleled when it comes to world building and when youre wading through brooks, scaling mountains or eviscerating another cave full of bandits its an absolute joy. Its a remarkable, liberating feeling that this province was crafted specifically for you; a huge playground with apparently no rules or boundaries. That isnt the case. Skyrim has its rules; theyre specific and they have a nasty way of reminding you this fiction was written in binary. Every city subscribes to a simple bounty system: commit a crime and youll be struck down, pay a fine, or spend the night in jail. There is a clear consequence to crime, but its merely an illusion. On my first evening in the town of Morthal I snuck into the Jarls house and then into the private quarters of her daughter, where I then attempted to pickpocket the young sleeping woman. Without the deftest of hands, the girl arose, alerting the guards of my treachery. Not wanting a fight or untimely death, I submitted, volunteering to pay my bounty and spend the evening locked up. The following morning, strolling from my cell, I bumped into the sleeping girl once more: she asked me to deliver a letter of utmost importance for her; she trusted me. The bounty system is a dirty way to gloss over any real consequence for your actions. There is no gray area; everyone is either a friend or foe. When an enemy is nearly defeated they may beg for mercy, pleading with you to spare them. You can sheath your weapon but they will never flee, every single one will get up and rush you. Once, a villager followed me into a vampires hideout, hoping to avenge the death of his wife. Madness erupted and amid the scuffle I inadvertently grazed him with a fire spell, turning him immediately against me (note: the vampires who killed his wife were still very much alive). Afterward, instead of arriving to a town full of indebted villagers, I returned to an armed welcome and an outstanding bounty. There was no way to explain how the town learned of my accidental deed and no way to silence the vengeful widower  I tried killing him several times. Once youve found the parameters that Skyrim works with, its not difficult to play by its rules, and even enjoy it. There is a huge, jaw dropping world to discover at whatever pace you desire. Along the way youre free to author your own story, defining your unique character and experience through whatever style of play you prefer. When youre lost in its rich landscape and enthralled within its fiction, Skyrim thrives, and is truly unparalleled; its when you take a closer look, you cant help but discover the seams holding this tapestry together. A Must Play Be sure to check out Nerd House Gaming for more reviews!]I have played too much to turn back now.]Everyone must be a dragonborn :)]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review by: DeliciousHotSchmoes -Release date: November 11, 2011 -Genre: Action, role-playing -Developers: Bathesda Game Studios -Platforms: PC, PS3, Xbox 360 The Review It probably already goes without saying, that if you don't own or even heard of Skyrim, (which you will give me a heart attack, if you haven't.) you're really missing out on a fantastic game. Borrowing many elements from this game's own prequels, everything from the leveling up system, to the wide arsenal of magic to be learned or discovered, the untamed, fearful dragons and monsters that lurk around every corner of the game's world, The carefree and quirky races that inhabit the beautiful lands, villages and meadows, and the many different hobbies with skills involved, such as cooking, weapon smithing, magic crafting, item synthesizing and studios book reading, This game is what I call 'fantasy ectasy' and is a king amongst most action, role-playing games. Each unique race has a special ability, that again is unique only to them and solely based on the player's personal preference. Such as the Argonian race, being immune to poison and the gills with skills to breathe underwater. Or maybe the wood elf, being the deadeye master of the bow and arrow. As you can tell, there are many races and strategies that would help out either sooner or later in the game, depending on the race of character you have chosen. What's best about this is the vast ways you can customize the physical appearances of these races, ranging from nose types, eye types, ear types, hair types, body types, etc. Even I'm guilty to say I've spent countless hours trying and failing, to create a Nord, reminiscent of my appearance. And if you ever need a helping hand with extras, look no forward to the mod community. They of course definitely help out not only with your character's physical appearance, but also along with everything else. The world of Skyrim is diverse, solid, beautiful, secluded, peaceful, amazing, creative, magical and the list goes on. You could explore for hours upon end of this game's landscape and not be surprised on how much detail and development has been put into it. From the untouched wilderness to the ancient mythical buildings that dot Skyrim's land, it's definitely no surprise on how this game keeps you occupied and truly captures the imagination of magic and mystery in the process. It's as if a lucid dream came to the unconscious mind of a sleeping, video game geek, who is subsequently pitching a tent. There's the main story with the long-whinded yet slightly repetitive missions, where you play as your main character and eventually learn that you are the legendary 'Dragon-born' and depart for one hell of an adventure, to save the beautiful land of Skyrim while causing a ruckus for bandits, wizards, giant spiders, the undead, the royal knights and all around powerful dragons at the same time. But, what this game truly dishes is out is simply a marvel to behold. And when I say this, I mean that this game is offering an immense load in the side-quest and mini-game section, along with the many uncharted locations and hidden caves that are just waiting for your epic hero/heroine to discover. With rewards and many different possibilities and alternate outcomes to unlock in this wonderful game. If you go out and mind your own business by robbing the local residents, just make sure to blatantly put a vase on top of their heads so they don't suspect you of theft and go into a killing frenzy. Just a tip for you all. If you're into huge epic tales set in a fantasy and mythical environment, or just blatantly love a great storyline and narrative, with a huge variety of memorable characters, creatures, dungeons and dragons, this massive game of amazing preportions is definitely for you.]I saw a man with a ragged cap I fell in love with the ragged cap I kill the man for his ragged cap A guard killed me for the ragged cap 10/10 would kill to get hat next time]20/11 would recommend. Beware as you can have your sweetrolls stolen and your virginity pickpocketed.]Skyrim is much more than only game. This is true second life into fantasy world.]Longest single player game I've done my entire life- the hours just keep on rollin'. Recommend modding after vanilla =3]On the surface, Skyrim is an open world first person role playing game or third person with the press of a button. A FPS RPG so to speak. Skyrim and the Elder Scrolls as a series are games that let you do what you want, play how you want. If you want to be a big axed barbarian, a thief, an archer, a mage, a healer or any mixture of them, you can do it. If you just want to mess around and shout goats off of cliffs, go for it. You'll be able to select a race, each with its own look and perks. You can even be a lizard Argonian or a cat Khajit. Whatever floats your boat. You'll even be able to turn into a vampire and werewolf. The NPCs are a lot more diverse with facial hair, body sizes and so on, its a good step forward to bring Elder Scrolls to what other games have had for a decade. The game offers nice diverse gameplay for any style, you can stealth around, avoid combat completely or just run in swords blazing! The game has excellent killing animations that are new to Skyrim. You can sink hours, days, months into this game and even if you were to run out of things to do, mods would still provide a lot more content. So what's the story? Dragons are back and only you can save Skyrim after one of them levels a town. The story is unimportant. Its basically the same story from Oblivion.... portals pop up and destroy a town. You are Dovakin and gain the ability to shout. What is shouting? Its like magic with a button of its own. Its really nice having a quick magic button. Much better than the former way of having to call upon a spell. Now in Skyrim the game, you can equip each hand with weapons, shields or spells. So dual weilding magic or weapons if you want or a big weapon in both hands. It makes for something fresh and new healing in one hand, fire spelling in the other all while shouting to stun your enemies. The combat feels a lot better and less generic than before. The spells are a lot more fun to use with good visual effects. The dragons are notably awesome. They fly around burning down villages, mercilessly killing everything and they'll follow you. You'll see them burn down towns, not because its scripted, but because that's what the AI is programmed to do. You'll see villagers pull out daggers, clear out of houses all to fight these dragons. Once a NPC is dead, they're dead. So if it was your favorite shopkeeper, they're gone. Sure there are spells to make them return as a zombie and fight for you, but the game is forever or at least until you console hack. You'll be able to fail quests if NPCs die and you don't get that quest back. The AI and its interaction has always been interesting in the Elder Scrolls series. You'll see guards defend towns against attacks. You'll see bandits attacking people. Now in Skyrim you'll see wolves hunting lesser animals like goats, chickens and foxes. It makes the game feel alive and you can use that AI to your advantage. Since nothing is scripted, its all your experience. You can talk about how you were saved by a ranger on a horse or how you baited a strong bear to a group of hunters that killed it. The game has an abundance of dungeons and each one feels like a healthy chunk of gameplay, especially for explorers. The Elder Scrolls series has come a long way since Morrowind. The prefab dungeons that all look alike are gone. Every location looks beautiful, dungeons, exteriors, vistas, and they somehow even made the sewers diverse, gorgeous and rich with color, style and interest. There are plenty of monsters and seeing giant spiders is just nightmarish. Even playing all of the horror games I do, no other game has made me as squeamish. Enemies have random levels, random loot, weapons and armor so you're never really fighting the same enemy twice. The cave entrances are a lot more realistic and actual caves rather than doors. While that's not exactly important, the game is really all about the look. That seems to be the big takeaway that I get from this game. For those that don't like deep dungeon delving, other than the first dungeon, you don't ever have to enter another dungeon. You can hang out in cities, exploring the wilderness, hunting, thieving from people, murdering everyone, running from guards, mixing potions from ingredients, doing quests, making spells and a beautiful new system to make armors and improve weapons. It feels much better and realistic than the old method of using hammers generically. Now you need to find a blacksmith, use his forge and grindstone. Enchanting and alchemy are similar processes, you can't just do them on the go, you need to find an alchemist and enchanting table. It makes sense and it doesn't seem like a step back from what it was, it just feels more realistic. You'll also be able to mine for ore and chop wood for gold. The game has a healthy length, more than most games and that's even when you use the game's fast travel system. Exploring is a lot of the fun though and you can't just fast travel to a new location, you need to find it and there is something around every corner. On your way to ancient ruins, you can climb a mountain, find a bandit hideout and do everything but actually reach those ancient ruins. Skyrim is a cold wintery place inhabited by mostly nords. It is very reminiscent of viking culture and that's a good thing. It makes the game feel far different than Oblivion and Morrowind. New to the series is a breakaway from typical direct face to face dialog. Instead you'll be able to talk to people as the world around you still lives. There is a new minimalistic menu instead of a giant text box at the bottom of the screen. It is all designed to look like a photograph and not break immersion. Everything is fully voiced and masterfully voiced, but the only catch is there are only a few voice actors for thousands of lines of dialog. Speaking with someone is a typical dialog tree, and this game, more than the previous games make me feel like this game matters with the things you say to people when given a choice. Like all open world games and previous games in the series, there are bugs and flaws. NPCs have a daily cycle and you'll see them disappear in front of doors as they enter. The animation is pretty awful and stiff fro the NPCs, watching them run, turn, then run some more is painful to watch. You can easily knock clutter around, but not nearly as easily as Dead Space. None of this is a game breaker. These are small prices to pay for a game so good and it never really breaks the immersion as much as I make it sound. Since the game has been out so long, its been on Steam sale several times, along with the Legendary Edition that comes with all of the official DLC. The game also makes full use of Steam's workshop to easily add mods and keep them updated. This is an amazing game, if not the best of its console generation.]This is one of the best games I have played in my lifetime. And no, I'm not 11 years old... :p Add 40 years to that. Yes, 51. My life is extremely busy and video games have always been my number one activity to leave the standard world. The Elder Scrolls series of games has been one of the best sources of fun I have found and Skyrim is simply the best one of the series by far! Do download the DLC (Downloadable contents) right away as the latest DLC (Dragonborn) includes very potent aspects to the game as the ability to receive TWO perk points when reading ability books! BUT! Yes, there's a but. The game is so vast that there are some bugs... You need to play this with the Elder Scrolls Wiki (http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/Quests_(Skyrim)) opened in a browser (ideally in a separate monitor) when playing to see the various issues with each quests or dungeons (like how not to completely mess up the "Blood on the Ice" quest so you can get to finally buy the somptuous Hjerim house in Windhelm). BUT number 2. Yes, there is another issue. You may SERIOUSLY consider adding a few "mods" to your game since they may fix some of the "bugs" mentioned. For exemple : adding the Dawnguard DLC will make Vampires appear and KILL potentially VITAL characters depending on the sort of build your are trying to achieve for your character! Geeez. You would think they would have thought of a way to hold these attacks until you start the quest? NO they didn't! But.... There's a "mod" that actually does this for you : preventing ALL vampire attacks (which may KILL city vendors and other characters) until you actually start the quest! Yep, this means, sorry lad, but you REALLY should take a stroll around the modding area, easily accessible in Steam by clicking the Workshop button under your PLAY button in the Games Library (once you've selected Skyrim). There are a few really cool mods I like apart from this one. One is called Run for your lives! And also makes all villagers run inside when there's a DRAGON attack. Again, preventing important characters from simply being wiped out before you get a chance to kill them yourself! :p Apart from that, the game is just insanely good... I have played it from beginning to end many times and still discover new things. :)]Grabbed this game by chance, not sure if i would have lked it, it become my main reason for living.]If you don't have this game, you're a dickless man.]This game is 10/10, because if giant troll bash you into right spot of your body, you can actually rocket yourself into space. No other words needed.]Say goodbye to your social life.]C'mon, it's a Elder Scrolls Game. Of course you should buy it.]A great RPG. The Elder Scrolls V is, first of all, a huge open world, where you can find everything from robbers of all stripes to the dragons. Secondly, an interesting storyline and a lot of additional missions. Thirdly, this is a good graphics, and great soundtrack. My opinion 10/10.]say good bye to friends and family if you buy this game. honestly, even with its bugs, it is the best game I ever played.!]You kill things...I mean that makes a game good right? Who would play a game that forces the player to make world peace....idiots... You see they give ya and sword and tell ya to make your own destiny...which involves killing...which is fun...then they stick dragons that move alot to kill...who would put a fast moving object into an epic killing game anyway? Least they gave us the courtesy to make them stay still once in a while...]This is the BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE]This game has it all. Once you start you'll never leave the land of Skyrim.]200+ hours on record. About only half of what I put into Oblivion... but I think I liked Skyrim nearly twice as much in the end. There is only one Elder Scrolls series, and it keeps getting better. But not better than Morrowind... yet ;-)]Tremendous game which opens a number of different opportunities. The cursor of game allows to create faultless modifications, you can modify, create, pass, enjoy an ocha rovatelny landscapes and it not a limit. Bethesda made a skyrim game for all times where there is a wish to return again and again. Game is filled a set of interesting quests and huge locations which you should investigate. And you can add all this with excellent modifications which will decorate game. Thanks Bethesda for charming and excelent game!]POSITIVES: +Soundtrack +Amazing Universe +Endless and varied possibilties +many many stuff to do and to discover +Deep customizations +Gameplay and gore +Voiced dialogues +Interesting side quests +World is detailed and unique +Extensive mod support NEGATIVES: -Basic story -Bugs -Sometimes doesn't make any sense -Your choices don't matter -Unclimactic ending -Dragons talk 2 words an hour ALL IN ALL: Came for epic story, stayed for the world. RPG benchmark 9/10.]I got this game 2 weeks ago help me]I miss my family]No more word need to say!The most awesome and epic game ever,yep!]I had a life. Then I bought Skyrim. My life was gone. Everyone who is not a a mac or linux should buy this game and if you are on linux or mac you should go out and buy a gaming PC for the specific reason of playing this game on the best graphics settings with the HD texures mod.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an epic fantasy RPG games where you can countless of hours in-game. You want to be an Archer? Grab a bow + heaps of arrows and start shooting people like a boss! You want to be a Swordsman? Wield or dual wield the countless amount of weapons in Skyrim and start slashing peoples! You want to be a Sneaky Basterd? Level up your One-handed, Sneaking, Speech, Lockpicking & Pickpocketing and you can be silent as f*ck killing people and grab their $$$ or talk your way through to get things go down your way! In this game, you imagine what you cannot achieve in real life. The world is massive, the mechanism is flawless and there's infinite amount of quest that you can do in this game. Of course there's bug here and there but in its way, this game is fun to play. Don't forget the amount of mods already available today. After 3 years of its release, this game is still living and mod is one of many reasons Skyrim still one of the most played game. I myself play this game with using mods that increase immersive such as RnD and I imagine being a Solo-Player like Kirito with Elucidator & Dark Repulser. Do what you want, be what you want. Welkommen to Skyrim!]It really bothers me to see 12,000+ negative reviews about the game solely due to the workshop. The review is supposed to be about the GAME not about the Workshop. Yes, it was a cheap way for Steam to get money, and yes it was very angering, but in NO WAY does that make this game bad. The authors of the review even end the review saying that the game is great but give it a negative review due to the workshop war of 2015. IT IS AN AMAZING GAME],    .      ,      . ,        ,       .          .  , ,      .       .     ,     ,          (       TES) .            ,     .       -    .        ,        ,    ,    ,   .    .      ,   .      ,   ,     .        ,    .    ,           .         ,         .        ,         .     ,     ,       . , , ,   ,  .           ,       .         . : + .        . + ,  . + . +    . +    .      . +   . + . + . +  . +-,        . 10 /10.]Before Skyrim, there was Oblivion. It was flawed, unbalanced, dated and had DLC for horse-armour, and yet it was still loved because despite these things, it was still one of the best games of this genre. Skyrim is Oblivion but without the bad bits. I still don't understand why there aren't more games like this. You are let loose in a massive open world and are allowed to do what ever you want. The closest games to it would be MMOs or Grand Theft Auto, but Skyrim is a single-player experience. You'd think that this would make it lifeless and unrewarding, but you couldn't be more wrong. The entire world is lovingly hand-crafted. Every character you see had to be placed there. They had their face, personality and clothing picked by a developer of this game... and then you're free to come along and end their life with one slash of a blade. Or not. The choice is yours. I didn't expect much from this game. I had kind of seen through Oblivion and it became lifeless for me, and I thought that since this was constrained by the same hardware that it wouldn't be a large leap, but I was so wrong. I couldn't wait to explore every crag and valley simply for the sake of it, accompanied by the amazing LOTR-style soundtrack. I happily gobbled up the quests and have had countless exciting memories of this game where I've accidentally picked a fight with some one bigger than me, or where the game glitches out spectacularly. What ever happens, it's a joy to behold. Even if you're not a fan of this sort of genre (come on, who isn't? The Elder Scrolls games are a genre in their own right!) you need to play this game. Get it when it's cheap and you'll more than get your money's worth, even if you only play a fraction of what there is to see and do. You can live a virtual life as a fisherman, merchant or fighter and unlike the older games which required a bit of imagination to pull off, this one has the depth and complexity required to make it enjoyable. The down-sides? The dragons are too easy to defeat, though this game has since been patched to include harder ones. You'll hate it when somebody dies through no fault of your own (damn you, radiant AI!) and you're left with an empty shop where you once purchased your stuff. You'll end up with far too much in your inventory as you plunder tombs and your companions become more of a burden than a help as you level up, transforming into mules to carry your rubbish as you battle against the undead. But really, who is going to be reading this review without an idea of what this game is like? Who hasn't seen the thousands of mods available for free for this game? They make the vanilla 100's of hours of gameplay turn into 1000's. You'll have no life for weeks after picking this game up! In short: buy this game.]Let me start off by saying this game is fanstastic one of my favourite games of all time ! so you may ask why is it your favourite game of all time? because their are a alot of things you can do in this game like modding the mod community for this game is freaking amazing one of the best mod communities for the TES series the mods in this game blow you away visual wise and immersive/gameplay wise there are so many mods to get if you play as a female character you got alot of choices like sexy armours/body types/hair mods/texture mods and so on so fourth with immersive you have gameplay changes like combat enhancements or prespective mods to make it like you are really in the world of skyrim, the map is super huge almost compareable to GTA V but a little bit smaller there are alot of quests to do in the world of skyrim and alot of interesting NPC's so let me talk about visuals well their are high res texture packs 1k/2k/4k textures to choose from but i prefer 1k/2k to keep a stable FPS and to stop your game from crashing also there are alot of ENB's to choose from to enhance your colors to make em more vibrant and dramatic and to enchance the lighting to make the game looks extremely better than vanilla i like to think of skyrim like a next-gen game with all these mods you can get cause it truely is a next gen experience over the vanilla game that's just ugly and messy, so if you are gonna play the vanilla game just play it on a console like really if you play the PC version why not get some mods to enhance your experience even further ! SO MANY CONTENT ARGHHH MIND BLOWING !!! i hope this review sums it all up for you to purchase the game also i do not recommend the Steam workshop for mods, i recommend the skyrim NEXUS ! go now, BUY IT !, Also on a side note the vanilla game is great if you want a lore friendly game but it is recommended to get mods, don't hate on this review cause i am pointing to mods all this time i clearly stated if you want vanilla than play console you get the PC version for a better experience, and well for mods later on but i recommend playing through the game atleast once with the vanilla game and than after than expand your experience ever further sorry if i am just talking about mods all the time..]Gameplay: 9/10 The gameplay or combat is not perfect as the game can take a turn towards the easier side of things when you start leveling up but that can be easily countered by increasing the difficulty. AI are smart as difficulty goes up but it's good enough on normal difficulty for it to be fun. The skills system is extremely modular and can go which ever way you want making it the ultimate RPG game. There is an infinite number of quests that are randomly generated but the normal game content of quests is enough to keep you going for a few hundred hours. UI and menu and items from loot to smithing to alchemy are all well done and can be changed or improved on by mods. Graphics 8/10 The base vanilla game has some pretty low textures in comparison to some next-gen games and the colour filter of the game is really grey and boring but can be changed yet again with the help of mods. With mods, the graphics get changed to 10/10, sometimes even competing with next-gen games and look even better. Audio/Music 10/10 The voice acting in this game is superb even if you can hear the same voice actor over and over. All dialogue is voiced and most NPCs have interesting back stories or lines of dialogue. You won't start hearing dialogue appear over and over until you've played the game for a couple of hours but it doesn't at all take away from the immersion of the game. The music is fantastic and one of the best video game soundtracks I've heard. Jeremy Soule does an amazing job as usual creating a tone and setting for the world of Skyirm. The game sounds from the world are really well done. From the sounds of fire burning away at corpses to the cries of the wolves or bears. The ambience of travelling through the forests to the blowing winds of the snow peaked mountains to the ambience of dungeons and the soothing relaxing tone of the taverns, Skyrim makes no mistakes when it comes to immersing you into the game world through music and audio. Content/Replayability 10/10 The amount of content this game has is far beyond any other game I've ever played. With only 2 large DLCs being Dawnguard and Dragonborn, it still manages to have content of which I've never seen before. This game's size in terms of content could match even that of large scale MMO titles and is not as repetitive as those games due to the fact you can play this game however you want. Skyrim is the game that'll define a genre of RPG games and Bethesda has not compromised much in terms of content in the game. Overall 9.5/10 No game is ever perfect but The Elder Scrolls Skyrim comes close to being one of the best games over made in my opinion. The sheer amount of work put into this extremely immersive world is beyond that of any RPG I've ever played. Though after a few hundred hours, the vanilla game may feel dry to some gamers like myself but due to the fact that Skyrim houses hundreds and thousands of mods just makes the experienece even better.]It's the moment that has always defined the Elder Scrolls series. That palpable feeling of freedom and adventure as you gaze across a vast, beautiful landscape. Skyrim is not a great leap from Oblivion, or even Morrowind, but it is the finest chapter in the series to date: an unforgettable journey into another world. When you start Skyrim, the only things you get to choose are your race, sex and appearance. The editor is fantastic, frankly, with a wealth of sliders and presets. Each race - of which there are ten - has its own special ability, which includes passive effects that are always active, and spells you can use once a day. Nords, for example, have 50% frost resistance and a Battle Cry ability that makes enemies flee in terror, while Argonians can breathe underwater and cast Histskin to rapidly regenerate their health. Still, besides these initial bonuses, how your character develops depends entirely on how you play the game. Say you use greatswords a lot in combat; this will see your two-handed weapon stats improve every time you strike an enemy. Or maybe you prefer to keep your distance and use bows; every arrow that hits its target will improve your archery stats. It's, of course, still possible to avoid traditional combat altogether, sneaking through an area undetected, silently killing enemies without alerting their allies. The stealth isn't much better than it was in Oblivion, with twitchy AI that becomes aggressive way too easily, but it gets better when your archery and sneaking skills increase, and you find enchanted equipment, like boots that muffle your footsteps. If Oblivion's world was green and colourful, and straight out of a Tolkien novel, Skyrim's fantasy is much more hard-edged, drawing inspiration from Norse mythology to create a world that's both stunningly beautiful and incredibly convincing. At all times, it feels like a real place, with a real history. It's a snow-blasted land of icy peaks, boggy marshes, leafy forests and barren tundra, and it's a joy to explore. Tiny details play into the believability of your surroundings too, like the way the weather changes depending on your elevation. In the lush, forested valley to the southeast, a thick fog hangs in the air and it's almost always raining. As you head north, snow appears on the trees and the wind begins to howl. Then as you get higher, climbing one of Skyrim's many mountain ranges, a heavy blizzard rolls in, obscuring the path ahead. When night falls, the sky is illuminated by Skyrim's equivalent of the Northern lights.Thank you for reading my whole review or just scrolling all the way to the bottem. Remeber to give a thumbs up and play Skyrim!]If you haven't played this game or oblivion you aren't a man]November 11, 2011 - Started playing *time lapse* December 11, 2014 - "It should be a nice game" they said. "It's content filled so it should take you about 90 hours to complete!" they sAiD... I'VE COMPLETELY LOST CONTROL OF MY LIFE!!!]step 1: buy it step 2: play it step 3: love it step 4: mod it step 5: crash it step 6: fix it step 7: repeat after step 3.]Well, after 120 hours of gameplay it's time for me to write a review of this game: what should I start with? There's too much in this game! Skyrim is full of things to do, dungeon to explore, quests, ways to play, classes and weapons! There's so much to do and you will always want to do something and forget to do something else. Epic battles, addictive gameplay, good storyline and a big free roam world to explore. I'll try to explain myself with one single word; Epicness! I recommend a lot this game if you want an RPG which mixes exploration, battles and much more stuff. Unfortunately, there are some problems: for a game of such hugeness there are lots of bugs. Not so bad, they won't ruin the gameplay, but sometimes they are really annoying. My own vote: 8,5/10]What can you say about Elder Scrolls series ? It's more popular than a picture of Jesus holding a pug with a bowtie, and rightfully so. Most of the series issues are countered by the fact that talented, sometimes downright disturbingly obsessive modding community probably modded them out and Skyrim is no exception. Even if you sink more than hundered hours in vanilla version, you can still find something you haven't done and want to do. Want to spend all your time force-pushing chickens around town ? Sure ! Wanna put buckets over NPCs faces while they're delivering important pieces of exposition ? You got it ! While I'm usually opposed to "make your own fun" kind of games, doing your own thing is bread and butter of Skyrim, and that's what makes it so popular. Yeah, it may be a bit more simplified (for the sake of accessibility) than older TES games and maybe enviroments and combat get a bit boring and repetitive after a while, but it all falls flat when you can summon 5000 wheels of cheese and roll them down the mountain on unsuspecting goats.]Games of The Elder Scrolls series have some very clear expectations to them and must adhere to some very specific core concepts, Skyrim does not tarry too far from the mark. This game has many weaknesses that almost universally stem from it's multiplatform development - cities feel like villages and villages don't feel at all, this is entirely because of the limitations of the engine and the consoles. Weapons and armour are one size fits all and all armours of the same material are identical, there is no wear and tear of your items... Money from a thousand years ago does not draw comment when given to a vendor. You have no useful journal system, instead the map tells you exactly where to go for everything. Many things that disrupt the immersion within the game. Play this game once on a vanilla play through and then add in the mods, the base game is good, and it will help you appreciate the platform you are playing on a thousand times over when you play a second game using mods. You will mod this title, you will mod it to hell and back. You will love it for the mods that shore up the weaknesses and enable new and wonderful things in the game. Steam Workshop integration sounds nice, but it's not, the game's mod interface is garbage and the Workshop prevents a lot of the mods you will want. You will end up using Nexus Mods and their Nexus Mod Manager or the Slipstream Mod Manager to handle all your mods. There are mods to patch problems, to reenable content, replace bad textures, enhance combat, add items, add NPCs... Whatever your heart may desire, the mods are there. The game is good, genuinely good, but it could have been so much better. One hopes that Fallout 4 learns the lessons presented by the mods of Skyrim, rather than dooming modders to recreating their efforts in the next version of the engine. Any gamer worth their salt has already got this game and has played at least some of it.]It's like Far Cry 3 with swords.]For the people who: 1) Want DEPTH - A huge story behind every SINGLE quest. 2) Think the NPCs are 'garbage' because they don't react the way the 'should' when the Dragonborn does THIS or THAT. 3) Look for amazing & different ways of combat in order to kill your enemies. 4) Think it's too "repetitieve, shallow, bland dungeon crawler." 5) Want to add THOUSANDS of mods, not reading how to install them & then complain the game is trash because it CRASHES. This game is NOT for you. I enjoy this game very much & I think it's a REALLY GOOD game. It all depends on what kind of games you like & if you're too picky. Sure, this game is not perfect & has bugs, glitches, etc. But I'd like to see YOU developing a game like this or even BETTER. I'm sure people who don't have HIGH expectations will love the game as much as I do. Take your TIME exploring the places, doing the quests. Just add some mods if you need more action, be careful they don't conflict with each other & you're ready to go! (: 8/10]One of the best games ever made, simply amazing, epic, awesome, magnificent !!!]In my honest opinion, this is the best RPG I've played so far, thrilling, challenging, can cause obsession. You have alot of mods you can choose from IF you get bored of the game itself, which it's unlikely to happen. RPG fans, shame on you if you haven't tried Skyrim yet.](This review is a very long one. It actually is kind of an article between, a gameplay review, a "role-playing" guide, a mods compilation, and story of a character. If you are not intrested, I suggest you to pass it right away.) (Content is written all by me. Please do not distribute without permission.) The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is undoubtedly one of the greatest PC games ever made, personally the single best RPG and open-world game I've seen. It is an unlimited digital source of pleasure for a lifetime FRP lover like myself. There really aren't many words to describe such perfection. First of all, best thing about Skyrim is the fact that, things you can do is literally endless. Content is literally endless. I am at around +2.000 hours of Skyrim gameplay (Also played it a lot before my Steam copy.), and everyday, I still keep discovering some totally new things. Vanillia game with DLC's, has at least over 2.000-2.500 hours of gameplay (Around 1.500 hours without any DLC's, maybe?), if you do nothing but quests. Endless number of mods you can apply, will make gameplay way, way longer. And again, this is only possible if you do nothing but quests; no sightseeing, fast traveling all the way, skipping lore, and forgetting about the identity of your character. Still, it's your choice to play Skyrim in the way you want. I have 3 characters, and I'll talk about one of them, whom I mainly play. (Vanillia content is more than enough to play 3 unique paths (except main storyline) for 3 seperate characters. You also can alter main storyline to a degree.). But first, I'd like to talk about mods which I actively use in all my characters (Plus, there are some particular ones for each character.)(No visual mods included.) - First of all, most indispensable mod for me, is probably the "Disable Fast Travel". I think that fast traveling absolutely ruins the game. I never fast traveled before (Neither in Skyrim, nor Oblivion. Morrowind didn't had it anyways. Damn, I love Morrowind.), never will, and I hate people who fast travels. Fast travel system is necessary as a result of overall demand to Skyrim, but when it's being used, that's half of the games beauty gone. Some people play it just for the other half anyways. - I very much like the "iNeed" mod, which adds a streamlined approach to needs. You need to eat, drink, and sleep once in a while, for full effectiveness of your character. It has some nice details, like for example, you can carry a flask, drink your water from it when you are thirsty, and fill it from any water source when depleted (Even from rain!). - Static Mesh Improvement, an amazing mod which replaces some plain textures with idea of adding a feel of third dimension, with actual 3D meshes. It adds a whole new level to details all around Tamriel. - SkyUI, a must-have interface overhaul - Cloaks of Skyrim - SkyrimSpeeds, speed adjustments - Improved Dragon Shouts - Command Dragon, for manual control - Alternative Crafting System, helps role-playing without abandoning your gear potential - ImmersiveFP, for first-person dragon & horse riding - A quality world map with all roads - Touring Carriages - FNIS, custom animations engine - And, Falskaar! It's an amazing mod, which adds a new quest line, a huge new map, and a very solid lore. Very professionally done, almost like an official DLC. The character I want to talk about, is my female dragonborn assassin, last member of the Dark Brotherhood, and guildmaster of Thieves Guild. She's the character that I played the most, although she's not the character I first created, or beat the main storyline. I beat the main storyline with my mage for the first time, and I wanted continue as an assassin, created her. After completing the Unbound quest (Which is the very first quest.), I literally quit the main storyline, and completed The Dark Brotherhood and Thieves Guild storylines (Yea, you can do that. You literally can complete almost every side quest in Tamriel without touching the main story.). By the time I return to the main storyline, I already was a master assassin, (Skyrim has an NPC progress system; it doesn't let you level up more than usual before story, and one-shot every NPC. You'll still have an adventage tho.), so I progressed through it at ease (Except the dragon parts, where I needed to go head-on.), and I completed it, as she completed her personality. She's not a type of assassin without honour, she's not like killing random people just for money/fun, or she's not using her dragonborn powers for personal gain (Spidey-philosophy), instead, she actually delivers justice, and avenges the downtrodden. She's more like Batman, The Dark Knight, except the killing part. And all that Thieves Guild, 'stealing' part, is also like the phiolosophy of Robin Hood, or at least the Cat Woman. In the end, she's a very righteous character, in her own way. I completed a billion small quests, and some big ones like Civil War and The Companions storyline (Actually, all the big ones as far as I know.), and married with Aela (Yep, Aela is a female. Yep, I'm a female. Yep.) before heading to Dawnguard DLC. I've completed Dawnguard as a vampire. I got cured afterwards, but I'm still not sure about being a vampire, since it actually fits the concept of her being a master assassin hiding in shadows, but there are too many downsides; I won't ever be using the Vampire Lord form, since it's totally irellevant with my character, and I don't like its benefits/aesthetics anyways. After that, Dragonborn came out, and I also finished it, which actually fits perfectly to her personality, since the purpose is (kind of) assassinating a corrupt leader as the only assassin (because of being a dragonborn) who can do it, and became a complete Dragonborn. Since then, I'm traveling short distances with Shadowmere, and long distances on a dragon (Not dragon fast-travelling, I'm navigating manually.). I do some unusual things in my spare time in Skyrim, which many can find weird, but I enjoy a lot. For example, I have some favorite places (Which I won't be sharing. Be assured, finding your own places would be much more satisfying.), I sometimes toggle off the running mode, and randomly walk at these places again and again, for hours, never getting bored. I also find books in Skyrim very exciting (There are countless in-game books which you can read. Each one of them are written exclusively, with its unique content.), I have a great intrest in collecting and reading them, and I actually find some of them way more intriguing than many 'popular' real books. Some of which I can recommend: Rising Threat (4 volumes), The Wolf Queen (8 volumes), Kolb and the Dragon (That's probably my favorite book in the game. Not in terms of its story, but it is actually a "choose-your-own-adventure" type of book.), The Black Arrow (2 volumes), A Dance in Fire (7 volumes). As a side note, in my honest opinion, books in Oblivion were better... Before finishing, here are some mods that I use especially for my assassin: - The Dance of Death, a kill-move mod - Higher Jump - Martial Arts - Realistic Crime Radius - Throwing Weapons Redux - Faction Crossbows - Stealth Immersion And, I suppose, that's all. In terms of characters, as you can see, making a character totally unique is pretty simple, it's just a matter of will. Skyrim, or any game for that matter, can only provide you the visualization and tools of role-playing; you have to use your imagination for an advanced FRP experience. And in terms of gaming perspective, you now should have an idea about how I feel about Skyrim, and you probably figured out how different you can approach to the game. In the end, conclusion is actually pretty short, and simple: Skyrim is a must, must, must, MUST have game, and a masterpiece to experience, just like a Mozart concerto, a Shakespeare play, or a trip to one of 7 Great Wonders of the World.]Idk, I think i could make 2 or 3 decent vids on it. 7/10]Once upon a moon, there lived a khajiit called K'Lem. K'Lem was not a bad khajiit, but K'Lem liked to collect things. This is a story of K'Lem collecting things. K'Lem had come into a land called Skyrim in K'Lem's quest for the collection of things, and because of the  legion imperial scum, K'Lem had lost all of the many things K'Lem's had collected, but that is not this story. And so K'Lem had to begin K'Lem's collection anew. The legion scum had even attempted to kill K'Lem, but that is not this story. And what's more, sometime in K'Lem's recent past in a story that is also not this story, K'Lem was found to be a thing called dragonborn, and because of this, K'Lem was given a servant called Lydia. K'Lem was not sure how this happened, but K'Lem was glad, for Lydia could carry many things, though she did not seem to like K'Lem very much. K'Lem needed a place to store the many collections of things that K'Lem planned to acquire. K'Lem had lost all of K'Lem's things and coins, and the local places were far more costly than the coins K'Lem had, and so K'Lem decided to earn coins doing favors for the locals. These favors bade K'Lem west, and so that is where K'Lem and Lydia set paw. Very soon, K'Lem and Lydia came upon a fort filled with bad men. Bandits they called themselves. They were bandit scum. K'Lem was smart and thought it wise to avoid such men that called themselves this, and so K'Lem carved a wide path around the fort. However, the bandit scum were quick to attack regardless of K'Lem's unprovocations, and Lydia was quick to reciprocate. And K'Lem felt it K'Lem's duty to join Lydia in her reciprocation. K'Lem and Lydia fell the bad bandit scum with much mightiness! The scum fell easily before the might of K'Lem and Lydia! What wonderful moons that blessed K'Lem and Lydia that day! What's more, the bandits had things! Many things! Shiny things and not so shiny things! And K'Lem was smart and had an idea. K'Lem need not collect all of the things! K'Lem could sell some of the lesser things to buy his collection place! Maybe even this fort would provide enough lesser things to afford the place! Thus it was that K'Lem and Lydia set paw inside the fort in search of more bandit scums and their things. Inside the fort, K'Lem and Lydia were sneaky and killed many scums. The scum bandits fell easily in this way, one and two at a time. But they also found a not scum inside. There was a nice Nord lady that gave talk and niceness, and K'Lem was not a bad khajiit, so K'Lem and Lydia let the nice Nord lady be. Soon, K'Lem and Lydia came upon a mighty bandit scum that called itself thug bandit. Thug bandit was very mighty, indeed, and hurt K'Lem time and again. One swing of thug bandit's mighty two-handed hurty thing made K'Lem's head go fuzzy like too much skooma. The battle was hard fought and very long, and it took Lydia distracting thug bandits attention while K'Lem shot thug bandit with arrows for thug bandit to fall. The mightiness of K'Lem and Lydia had vanquished the entire bandit band! And K'Lem was glad and gave thanks to the moons, and relished in K'Lem's victory and all the many things K'Lem had won. But K'Lem and Lydia could not carry all the things. There were too many things! But, Whiterun was still in sight, and K'Lem was smart and K'Lem had another idea. K'Lem decided to return with Lydia to Whiterun to sell all the things KLem and Lydia could carry. KLem planned to quickly return to the fort to collect the rest of the things. K'Lem was amazed at K'Lem's smartness! K'Lem had not finished exploring the fort, however, and K'Lem was most curious about the unknown upstairs, and so K'Lem ran with most haste to Whiterun, and KLem and Lydia ran with such speed that even the deer were amazed! However, when K'Lem returned, the  legion emperial scum had taken over! As if they had been waiting to move in! The fort was completely renovated by the imperial scum, and all K'Lem's hard won things were gone! All of the things! Whats more, the  scum had gall enough to tell K'Lem that K'Lem did not belong! That K'Lem should leave! But this was K'Lem's hard-won fort! K'Lem was not a bad khajiit, but K'Lem had lost all his hard-won things, and so K'Lem was angered, and K'Lem decided to take the legion scums things as payment. And so, once again K'Lem and Lydia were sneaky in the fort, and they took all the things they could carry while avoiding the  legion scums. And the nice Nord lady was still there serving the imperial scums. K'Lem thought that maybe she must come with the fort. Certainly K'Lem could not leave without exploring the unknown upstairs and satiating K'Lem's curiosity, and so K'Lem went to the unknown upstairs to find that the  imperial captain had made it his own place. And as K'Lem was looking and wondering what the unknown upstairs was like when it was the mighty and worthy thug bandits own place, the  legion captain attacked K'Lem! For trespassing! This was K'Lem's hard-won fort and K'Lem was being attacked by the  legion imperial captain scum! But captain scum was no match for mighty K'Lem, and  captain fell easily! And captain scum had so many things for K'Lem to take! And K'Lem was no longer angered. K'Lem and Lydia went downstairs to leave the fort while carrying all the things K'Lem and Lydia could carry. The  soldiers were still hostile, however, and one of them attacked K'Lem for trespassing! Soon all the  soldier legion scum were attacking K'Lem and Lydia! Many soldiers! At least 8! But they were no match for mighty K'Lem and Lydia! Even 15 against K'Lem and Lydia! Or maybe it was 25! Mighty K'Lem and Lydia vanquished them all! K'Lem no longer wondered why the  legion imperials had moved in with such haste. Certainly they had been no match for the mighty thug bandit, and they needed a mighty warrior like K'Lem and Lydia to vanquish the bandits before they could move in. K'Lem decided the  legion scums deserved the death they received and K'Lem was glad. Then it was time for KLem and Lydia to gather all the hard-won things to collect and sell, but this time K'Lem took no chances and weighed KLem and Lydia down with everything in the fort. All of the things. All of the many imperial things. And it was a very long and tiring and laborious short trip to Whiterun. And that is the story of how K'Lem bought K'Lem's collection place.]What is the music of life? Silence, my brother 10/10]It's better than Morrowind. It does what Oblivion should have done. It's a great single player RPG. There's so much to do in this game and it just doesn't get boring. You need to play this game if you like RPGs at all. I know that almost everybody did already, but I'll still post it here. Get and play this game if you ever cared to play a game for the stor(y/ies) it has to offer.]After noticing that paid mods are no longer a thing I say this game is worth the money, and modders deserve to get smalls donations if you truely love their stuff now get yourself "Mod it until it crashes" Old revieuw for the Archives "So it begins, the great downfall of our time. The community has started to crumble with people stealing each other's work to just make a profit. Let me get this straight Skyrim is a fun game but gets very boring after getting trough most content in the first 12 hours, which is why bethesda gave the modding community power and thus breathed new life in their game. Now we got payed mods, early access payed mods. no I refuse to stand for this utter  on both Valve's and Bethesda's end Donations would be fine, but Bethesda cant make money of that now can they? EDIT: I found on a sub-reddit where Gabe is awnsering some questions that infact, not Valve but the Publisher of the game sets the cut for modders, so that 75% cut that is claimed is for Valve is actualy for Bethesda. for more: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/33uplp/mods_and_steam/ "]Probably best cRPG I've ever played. Awesome, excellent, almost perfect game. Still has some disadvantages of Elder Scrolls series but better of Oblivion in all aspects. Every fan of video games should play this title. VERDICT: If you are a fan of RPG games, you definitely should try that! If you are not a fan of RPG, but you are a gamer, you definitely should try that! If you are not a gamer, you definitely should stop reading that!]Not enough life to play ... 10/10]This game has been out for almost 3 years and I still find myself coming back to this game trying to explore every inch of skyrim. This game is never ending with all the mods that are avilable. 260+ hours on PC 350+ hours on 360]Skyrim (Base Game) - REVIEW What is there to say about this game? Where do I even begin to tackle this monstrosity that has taken me on my 1st playthrough 141 hours just to finish the Skyrim base-game? We're not enough counting the DLC's here...yet! The Elder Scrolls (TES) is 1 of those series that are loaded w/ tons + tons of content, offering up an insane amount of value + "bang for your buck". To experience all of it at once - IMHO, at least for me, that's probably not the wisest ideas. This game has so many different storylines, quests, areas to explore, factions, things to do (i.e. get married) - it's a game you play for numerous hours until you've hit that wall (i.e. "I need a break for a while"); just go away from for a bit; & then it calls you back for more. Very few games do this to me - Test Drive Unlimited 2; Far Cry 3; + Skyrim all come to my mind here. Class systems are gone here in Skyrim. Just practice the attributes you want to want to improve (i.e. sneak around, improve that skilll; swing a 1-handed sworded and hit someone, that improves; cast a spell from a certain school, that improves, etc); + select new abilities from those attributes to learn at level-up time. Since you're constantly improving your attributes + leveling-up like there's no tomorrow, this can be addictive - think like that Diablo-like kind of addictive. Skyrim has improved in numerous ways over its predecessor. Graphically, on the technical side, the game is much better than Oblivion. Girls actually do look more so like girls (in the face, namely), this time around - thanks for finally getting this right, Bethesda; it took you long enough! While many of the game areas are nowhere as crazy + interesting as Oblivion's Shivering Isles expansion (my favorite area in any TES game since starting in the series w/ Morrowind). These lands have a Nordic influence on them + most of them truly do look fantastic. Likely, if you see an area way out in the distance, there's a great chance - you can go there + explore it completely, which is fantastic. Combat here has improved & is a bit more visceral than Oblivion - but, when compared to others, it certainly is still a little bit clunky (like most TES games) + does not rival the combat of other games like Kingdom of Amalur: Reckoning + Dark Souls (those games certainly do specialize in combat) - it's still pretty good here in Skyrim. One thing that's new - you can now dual-wield weapons; can even wield magic in one hand, a weapon in another; dual-wield different magic spells in each hands; and/or even dual-wield the same magic spell (for double the power). Simply put - these are great additions to this game's combat system. NPC's in the game-world actually have taken a page right out of the Gothic play-book, as you will see NPC's doing things to immerse you into the world - i.e. blacksmith sharpening blades with equipment; NPC's acting on schedules + doing things together on their own; + things of that natures. As usual, there's even more books added to read, for those who want to dwelve into the ever-expanded + ridiculously-sized Lore of the series. The main story here is this - dragons have returned to Skyrim, you're to meet a certain group of people to fulfill your destiny as the Dragonborn (a human that can learn dragon skills), learn Dragon-style shouts, & take the Dragons out once + for all - which is typical fantasy stuff. While the main quest is decent enough + is solid, it really feels like it's just another quest in the game - like many of the main quests in Elder Scrolls base-games since Morrowind. While Bethesda is no BioWare + no Obsidian when it comes to generating fantastic narrative, prose + dialogue - where Bethesda succeeds over just about every other of the game companies is creating insanely huge playgrounds that have a good deal normally going on w/ tons to accomplish, if you like what you're doing. Trust me - this is another addictive sandbox from Bethesda, in which you won't know how to let go of for a while or after being away for a while, it will eventually get you coming back for more. While not everything here is a home-run, there are also many good-to-great plots + storyline strings here - such as the Thieves Guild's quest-line + especially Dark Brotherhood quest-lines, that I don't even know where to begin. Skyrim will generate some random quests on its own, which often do wind-up in the Misc section - which could keep you going for a long time. As if the base-game couldn't do that enough already, making this game such a time-sink - throw in also that the game ships w/ the Toolkit these days & the ridiculous amount of mods out there b/c this series has an extremely heavy modding community + fanbase - you could live for 100's of hours in Skyrim, even long well after it takes finishing the insane amount of content that Bethesda has already provided. If there's something about Skyrim you don't like - i.e. the UI isn't that great, again; even though it's improved immensely over Oblivion - trust me, there's a mod out there to fix your issue w/ the game. For example - SkyUI Mod vastly improves + fixes Bethesda's UI-system immesely. By offering up a huge sandbox & an insane amount of things to do (from questing to exploring) here, Skyrim succeeds in proving again why Bethesda + their Elder Scrolls is 1 of the best - if not, the best - at providing addictive time-sink RPG's. Bethesda yet again offers up the kitchen sink here; I'll certainly drink to that + from that. RPG fans looking to get lost for 100's of hours, it's almost impossible to rival what Bethesda does in their games - & that's especially true here in Skyrim. Simply put - another RPG masterpiece from Bethesda. Final Grade = A+]Buy it. Love it. Lose months to it. Then lose some more.]AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH KKKKKK THIS MUTHAING GAME IS SO ING GOOD. IT IS AN OLD GAME, BUT I FEEL LIKE REVIEWING IT ANYWAY, CAUSE IM ING HIIIIIIIGHHH THE GAME IS A BETHESDA GAME, SO YOU WOULD EXPECT IT TO BEE GOOD, AND BET YOUR , IT ING IS! THE GAME LANDS A SOLID 30+ HOUR MAIN STORY, WITH SO MANY MUDDAING SIDE QUEST, YOU'LL BARRICADE YO  IN WHATEVER ASSLICKING RAPEROOM YOUR COMPUTER IS STANDING, SO YOU CAN BUTT THE  OUTA THEM DRAGONSSSSSSSS +FLAWLESS STORY, ADAPTIVE OPEN WORLD FEELS LIKE YO  BE THE GUYS  IN THE GAME KICKING DRAGON ASSS +SO MUCH ING STORY THAT YOU'LL BE KICKING WALLS WITH TOOTHPICKS BETWEEN YOUR TONAILS +MODS BABY! YOU DONT NEED PORN ANYMORE +DID I MENTION DRAGONS??? +HUUUUUUUUUGE OPEN WORLD +SOUNDTRACK IS LIKE LISTENING TO GIRLS MOANING IN DRAGON LANGUAGE OR SOME , IT'S ING AWESOME -A MINUS? WHY THE  WOULD THIS BRILLIANT  GAME HAVE A MINUS? IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS GOD DAMN GAME YET, I WILL PERSONALLY STICK A BROOM UP YOUR , SIDEWAYS. 10 BILLION / 10]I wouldn't call this the ultimate game, but I would call it the ultimate timewaster. Skyrim was my companion through a couple of days with no internet. It was also one of the only games I had installed. One thing leads to another, you start to see achievements piling on achievements, and you get the idea, "Yeah, I can do this." What a fool I was.]Played it on 360 first, as most pc gamers know, pc ports are usually better, this is no exception. Amazing mods out there adding HOURS of content. Must buy.]I installed a mod that turned the chickens into mini nukes. Now Riverwood is nothing but a smoking crater 10/10]I was like *SLASH SLASH SLASH* and the guy was like *AHHHHH* and i was like *HAHAHA* and then..then...then i won the game. :D]"Its like Skyrim with swords and bows" -IGN 10/10]Skyrim is the best Elder Scrolls game so far, with the expansions it has gotten even better. I felt that ESIII: Morrowind brought more to the table for its time than ESIV: Oblivion but believe this game has done even more. I have enjoyed it on console, on PC and gone through the DLC which is worth the extra cash. The only thing missing is co-op/multi player but Elder Scrolls Online is running now, although I wish they would have done things a little differently on that game.. Even if your not an Elder Scrolls fan or follower the game is a nice play as it allows you to customize yourself and play in many styles to allow a change up. I did have a few technical issues following the main quest line but just shifted to side quests and other things until I found out how to fix my save. They could have done a litle better on updating to debug some of the common issues or allowed a form of abandoning quests to reset them. Overall I'd say 9.5/10 for what it is as I can't complain about missing features that just weren't supposed to be in the game although I think they coulda just put out a co-op patch/expansion to allow us to play with 1 friend or something which would have enhanced the gameplay alot and expanded the games popularity.]10/10 "Like Fallout without guns" -Machinima]There are fresh tomatoes in this game.]what can i say? i love this game! you can do whatever you want, i think the elder scrolls series is one of the only RPGs that is truly open world. don't want to do the main quest? go ahead and wander the big and well crafted world. feel like you need some directions to start your new adventure? do one of the many side quests. you can make your own armours, potions and weapons, though they removed the ability to make your own spells. now the big question: is it better then morrowind/oblivion? my answer is no, although skyrim is amazing it does not have the same fantasy feeling i got while playin morrowind or oblivion. 8/10 a must own for pc gamers]Always fun, the ever growing community additions insure that this game will remain popular and engaging for years to come, just don't shoot yourself in the knee.]Skyrim? Yeah I played Skyrim. Picked it up when it launched on the Xbox 360 in fact. I must've put about 30 hours into it before deciding that I've seen it all. Let me break it down a bit. When I played Skyrim I did the following: I left my house, found a dungeon, grabbed the loot, sold it to the same handful of merchants (including my husband), and...that was it. Morrowind was surreal, wonderful, and just obtuse enough to be charming. With Skyrim, I felt like some cog in a Dwemer machine, trapped in an endless cycle of middling upgrades and a total lack of surprising events. I mean, for crying out loud, more dragons?! These jerks are worse than cliff racers. At the time I figured that I might as well play an MMO, at least then I could get some rare drops. So what happened? What's so different about the PC version that I would put 600+ hours into it? Do you really have to ask? Modding Skyrim is the equivalent of Alice in Wonderland. You don't get to walk up to the rabbit hole and peer over the edge. You certainly can't climb down, take what catches your interest, and climb out. No, you will fall in that hole. The only light you'll be seeing is through the dozens of mods that make up your sunny days in Skyrim. In the beginning you might pick through the mods available on the Steam workshop. A weapon here, a new set of armor, something that makes cows explode or sends people flying into space, you get the idea. But then you look at what other people are doing with their Skyrim. They've got the 4K textures, the dramatic ENBs, the glamour models with their noses just right. Now you may be thinking that you don't need all that garbage, and you probably don't. But you do. Next thing you know you're on the Nexus. It's been 10 hours and you haven't even started the game yet. Stability is the last word I'd associate with Elder Scrolls, and that's without piling on the mods. Getting your modded game to function is more engrossing than Skyrim itself. You've started the game, you're wandering around, and then...Crash To Desktop. What caused it? How do you fix it? Is there a way around it? Are you going to lose your saves? After a long enough period of time you eventually stop caring. My Skyrim is held together by old tape and chewing gum, and that's fine. Eventually you learn to stop caring about those precious game-saves. I'm going to spoil Skyrim: You are the most awesome. Everything you do is right and nobody dares to question you. Nobody will even do anything unless you're somehow involved. Sometimes being the most awesome is fun. It's escapism at its purest. A lot of other videogames tend to punish you with death. At worst, Skyrim inconveniences you. This game doesn't say "YOU DIED." or "HEY POOR PLAYER!" It just assumes you goofed up somewhere and loads your last save. There's something to be said about player-imposed difficulty, but it's hard work trying to be the least awesome. There's a phrase I like to throw around when discussing videogames: "Making the game yours." Usually this refers to playing games in a particular way, like a knife-only run in Resident Evil, or beating Megaman without any power-ups. It's not always about player-imposed difficulty either, it can be about creating an identity through playing. I remember reading about a Morrowind player who spent all of their time in the Ashlands. They'd camp out in a Chitin hut and hunt whatever beasts they happened to find. They made just enough from selling the carcasses to eke out a miserable existence while dealing with the constant ash storms. This doesn't sound appealing, but I have to respect the hustle. That person totally owns their game of Morrowind. When all of the rumors are true, and the player is always the most awesome, there's not a lot one can do to create their identity. This is especially apparent when every single guard you pass mentions something you could be doing (or have already done). Your alteration level could be so low that it couldn't levitate an earthworm, but that won't stop you from becoming an Archmage not long after stepping foot in the Winterhold College. I remember when being an Archmage was such hot  in The Bard's Tale, now it's just a title any Dragonbum can get. When everything in a game takes zero effort and the results are meaningless, why not just make the game in your image through modding? If anything this will lead to new challenges, more possibilities, and *gasp* unpredictability. When I play Skyrim, I play with the intent to fill it with as much crap as I can find, see if/when/how it breaks, and attempt to undo the damage with minimal losses. It's disturbingly compelling, and that's without discussing the mods themselves. I don't settle for being the most awesome, I want to become omnipotent. Only after I've constructed this world, filled it with all of the neatest toys, and prettied it up as much as my mediocre videocard will allow, do I actually play it. At this point I'm fine with being the most awesome, because I feel like I earned that right. This is the time I put some Genesis on, and zone out while exploring, decapitating, and working on that perpetually imperfect nose. Perhaps my comparison to Alice in Wonderland is a bit off. The way I remember it, Alice falls in the hole and arrives in Wonderland. With modded Skyrim; Wonderland is a neverending hole. Inevitably you'll get bored of tearing your game to pieces and putting it back together. You want to see where your curiousity will take you. You might go digging through hundreds of foreign websites to find that anime fighting-style, or ten gigabtyes of hair-styles. You could even find yourself in a lab. What it all comes down to is that Skyrim is what you make of it. The game is fine on its own. It's certainly not lacking for content, and even without thousands of visual-enhancing mods it looks decent. However, Skyrim becomes so much more simply through the act of modding. To me, this is the ultimate sandbox game, and will likely only be bested by Bethesda's next single-player RPG.]You cannot call yourself a true 'gamer' until your life has been ruined by Skyrim. Note: My playtime is so low because I played on a console to begin with, In reality I've sunk hundreds of hours into Skyrim...]"This might just be crazy enough to potato" 10/10- IGN]The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim is for me one the best RPG games that I've played. This game is briliant in many ways, the graphics are pretty decent on the year, when the game was released (ofcourse there are many retexture mods that can improve the looks of the game). Combat is pretty sweet too, You can choose which class You want to play and You can combine them in the way You want it. This game with beautiful open-world, many quests, many adventures, and a lot of more great content can give You the best role-playing game experience..]First game I ever truly fell in love with. A MUST BUY.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, where do I start with a review. When this game was first released, it was still unfinished. There were many bugs and issues, some of which made playing the game difficult to say the least; However, it was still one of the best games of 2011. Over the years, these issues have largely been addressed and the game is now more stable. The visuals in Skyrim were stunning, absolutely stunning, when compared with it's predecessor, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, released Six-years earlier. Using the then new Creation Engine, Skyrim is a hyper-realistic world for the player to explore much like Morrowwind, with a size similar to Cryodill in Oblivion. Skyrim has several DLC packs, Dawnguard, Hearthfire, and Dragonborn all of which are a part of the Legendary Edition. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, is a game every RPG gamer should have in their library. Most of the bugs and issues, present when the game was first released have been resolved. There is also a library of Mod's available for Skyrim if you know where to look to personalize the game the way you want it. If you enjoyed Oblivion, you should also enjoy Skyrim, as it has a more realistic world design from Oblivion, though is similar in actual overall size. ~Potential Spoilers~ Skyrim, takes place 200 years after the events of Oblivion, in the Northern Lands of Skyrim on Tamriel. You play as the Dragonborne, someone who has the ability to absorb the souls of a Dragon and call upon the magical ability, Thu'um, known as the Shout of the Dragon. While navigating the story to understand what this means, you are also caught in the middle of a civil war between the Empire, who are now allied with the Alderi Dominion, and the People of Skyrim.]I helped a child kill an elderly lady, that ran an orphanage. 10/10]The way I see Elder Scrolls series: it's not about beating the game, it's about travel. My first one was Morrowind. I've played Oblivion, but didn't really pay attention to it and I bough Skyrim pretty cheap. So far, eight hours in the game, this is the biggest, most complete, wonderful ES game for true adventurers. You don't play to win, you play to travel, you play to read books, you play to enjoy it through and through. A RPG game like no other, if you didn't play ES games before, get Skyrim and forget about this ugly world we live in...]It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim.]Okay, so... The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the fifth installment to the Elder Scrolls series which are very successful so far. The story is about the return of the dragons that lived thousands of years ago along with them appears the dragonborn who's objective is to stop their return. I don't wanna spoil anything beyond this, that's why the story explanation is brief. TLDR For those who didn't want to read a lot here's a short part of the review. Skyrim is a very large RPG with lots of things to do and you can be pretty much whatever you want to be. It's hard to determine how much time you will spend playing this game, its very unclear and it depends on you the most. There are numerious quests and events for you to do. Skyrim is vast, beautiful and dangerous, take your time to explore it. It certainly won't be wasted money, you'll have a lot of fun playing this game. Eventually if you find the game "lacking" you can always look for mods to enrich your game. Character creation With each release Bethesda strives to improve their beloved Elder Scroll series in every extent. The character creation system has a lot of options once again and they really outdid themselves with the presentation of each of the races, they look very immersive and lore friendly. Next we have the attributes and skill system which is quite simplified in comparison to the previous release. Sadly, while this is not entirely negative, some might view it as so, because with the removal of attributes and merging of some skills they have limited the building of characters in a way. The removal of the class selection is one of the most disturbing, but its not all that important to your character build. Although it is one of the important features of RPG games. And finally the birthsigns, while they were never really cleverly balanced, I kind of appreciate their usage in Skyrim because of their "weak" impact. I also despise them because you can simply choose which one you want if you find it and afterwards you can always change it. I forgot to mention the skill perks that were first brought into Oblivion then altered in Fallout 3 and finally finetuned in Skyrim, a very good feature if I may say so, makes the game feel like it has more complexity. You're gonna have a lot of fun creating a character or its gonna be a pain, it depends. Take your time. Wilderness, landscape and habitats They put a lof of effort into this. The landscape is very breathtaking, immersive and worthwhile. Take your time and explore the great and vast lands of Skyrim. This is a very big plus, they really spent a lot of time on making the surroundings very detailed and immersive. Besides enjoying the game with its gameplay itself you're also presented with the option of absorbing the environment without actually indulging yourself in some pointless slaughter and you can have a companion who will from time to time say something interesting. I don't wanna spoil too much of this either. The cities are very immersive and they look great, some of them look too similar, some too small , I guess this is something that they still need to improve. The dungeons and forts looks pretty good, they still lack a bit of morbidness and darkness though depending on the denizens. I think this is the greatest feature of Skyrim, please do take your time to absorb the environment. The creatures and humanoids and others The AI is dumbed down, at least that's my imperssion of it. I think the creatures behaviour is better than that of the NPC's. Once again they've added some creatures that will most likely rip you apart when you're low level and playing on adept or higher difficulty, a good example would be the saber cat. I'll be honest with you, I'm scared of that beast. Just like in Skyrim, in Oblivion it was the mountain lion or a Yao-Guai in Fallout 3. I'm glad that the trolls are still depicted as dangerous and annoying. The wildlife is very rich and quite immersive in this release ( disregarding the occasional random behaviour ). I like the presentation of most of the enemies, they all feel very lore friendly. The city folk are still a bit lacking in my opinion, but that's about it. Finally the dragons are a big disappointment. Not their looks or the animations and so on. It's that the combat is poorly designed for them. Not to mention that the dragons are very weak. Storywise well presented in general. Quests and Events While some are immersive, some are very poorly designed. I think they made progress overall in comparison to the previous game. Some quests are really worth the time, but still a lot of them lack challenge. I think it's still worth to take the time and try them all out. I think the player is given too much freedom sometimes, which results in some events and quests looking a bit poor. Mods When trying to use mods, execute extreme caution, you might end up having to reinstall the game a lot of times before getting them all to work well. Feel free to ask me for any advice since I have years of experience with this. Luckly for us, we have a very solid modding community since the days of Morrowind. There will be plenty of amazing mods out there for you to choose from. While new players tend to stick to cosmetic mods and adding more "stuff" mods, there are plenty of quest mods that need to be given thought. Music Once again the music is composed by the legendary Jeremy Soule , his music enchanted the exprience of the previous installments ( Oblivion and Morrowind ), including this one. I hope The Elder Scrolls will continue to be blessed with Jeremy Soule's music of epic proportions! While this review is long, I still could have written a lot more, but I don't want to include some spoilers. Looking forward for the next release. Still having fun playing this game. A big thanks to my friend who gave me the game, King Viking! Thanks for taking your time to read this.]It doesn't matter: how many characters you create, how many saves you load, how many mods you install, how many times you escape Helgen, how many Ralofs you meet, how many times you become thane of Whiterun, how many Dragons you slay, how many journies to High Hrothgar you take, how many shouts you learn, how many people you kill, how many pouches of gold you steal, how many contracts you fulfill, how many quests you complete, how many potions you have, how many different sets of armor you craft, how many different types of weapons you craft, how many horses you purchase how many people you marry, how many children you adopt, how many homes you buy, how many sweet rolls you eat, how many pouches of gold you acquire, how many times you become the Dovahkiin, ...you can never prevent a guard from taking an arrow to the knee... 11 kneecaps /10 kneecaps]Fantasy Hero Simulator 2011 Stupid Nords insulted my choice to become a mage, calling into question my manliness. I can shoot fire from one hand and lightning from another. I killed a dragon and absorbed its power. My shout is so powerful that people stagger backwards. TELL ME NORDS, DO YOU STILL THINK THAT I AM UNMANLY NOW?! (10/10, would mage again)]Skyrim. It's that one game you're tempted to flood with mods. Play as a sword wielding man who was accused of crimes, he did not commit. Khajiit did no crimes indeed. Hang in there Inigo. So you escape the prison, and follow the magnificently created story of the rasberry cupcakes versus the dangerous blueberry pancakes, two dangerous enemies locked in mortal combat as they try and gain control of Oblivion, the land of Jesus Christ our lord and savior. Choose from over 16 different races and wield the best weapons that Morrowind can provide you, such as a toothpick, a chainshark, and the most famous weapon that history has ever seen, the M82 Barrett 50 Caliber Anti-Materiel Rifle. Battle your way through countless amounts of enemies, all with differing stats and alignments. Join a variety of teams for good matches of Capture the Flag, with infamous clans such as the Brotherhood of Steel, NCR Rangers, The Sisters of Chaos, and many more. And of course, get indulged in the famous story of Skyrim, choosing sides in the epic war waged by the Cupcakes and Pancakes, while also going for some quest about having a tea party with Alduin, the famed Rabbit Dragon. Are you man enough to kick Alduin in the face and take his lunch money? Find out, by spending 20 (Or less, depending on sales) bucks and playing Skyrim. Or your friend could just get it for you. THANKS RYAN. The Elder Scrolls III: Skyrim! Er. Dank Souls: Prepare to Die Edition Uhm. SKYRIM, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.]spawned 1000 sweetrolls in Whiterun and got crushed by them 10/10 goty]If this game were a potato, it would be a bacon-wrapped potato.]For 3 years and still, can make you play for hours.]Remember Originally posted by M'aiq the Liar : Too much magic can be dangerous. M'aiq once had two spells and burned his sweetroll. Nine bottles of skooma and moon sugar portion for the developers and i neeeeeed mooore Skoooma!]>puts basket on shopkeepers head >steals everything > "See anything ya like? I've got loads of stuff!" 10/10 would basket npcs to loot shop again]Game: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Genre(s): RPG, Adventure, Open World, Fantasy Personal Rating: 10/10 Why Is This Game Good Midna? Skyrim is a game that brings hours of gameplay for a very small price, the world is beautiful, the quests bring a challenge to every player and so on. In my opinion, Skyrim has to be one of the best RPG games out there, because you can do so much! Once you finish the main game quests, you can still continue to play this game as there are missions that randomly come up when you speak to characters. If you don't like Skyrim how it is, you can modify it, Steam has a Skyrim Workshop and you can change the way your world looks, you can also visit the Nexus Website which is where a lot of people post their mods. In Skyrim, you can have followers that will follow you into the darkest depths of Skyrim, they can help you fight or they can fight for you, they can even live with you in your home. You end up getting a lot of homes, in most of the cities in Skyrim, my favourite is my house in Solitude, which is in my favourite city. I promise you now, that the only way that this game will annoy you is if you download too many mods and your game crashes (thats happened to me a lot). Now that I have finished the main quests in Skyrim, I just roleplay and live in Solitude, I live with Jessica Alba (a mod). I take a lot of screenshots of Skyrim and post them on Steam for everyone to see. Please go and buy this game! Its simply amazing! Thanks for reading!]My character was a Breton named, "pleb" -I'm a 2nd class citizen in Nord Society -Found a Nord woman to marry -Mods gave me a dozen half-nord babies. -Wife left me cuz I can't please a woman... -Forced to quest in dungeons to feed my children. -A dragon killed all the kids and burned down my shack. -Now I drink Skooma. I'd do it all again: 10/10]Latest game in the Elder Scrolls series (prior to Elder Scrolls Online), many elements of the game have been dumbed down and/or streamlined for more casual gamers to get into it. If you ignore all the great things from previous games though this game stands on it's own merits as a fun romp through a sandbox world. The singlular reason to buy this game on steam rather than on the console is the capablity to be modded. Check the Steam Workshop and the Nexusmods for details on that. You are in control - you can change the difficutly at any time, you can install whatever mods you want to make the game more enjoyable. Anything you want you can do. If you want to challange yourself, legendary difficutly + difficutly enhancing mods exist. If you want it easy, then novice difficutly lets you hack and slash your way through the story and of course there are all shades in between. Swords, Maces, Bows/Crossbows, Shields, Dual Wielding, Magic, and more. Play the way you want that's the name of the game. Your experience is what you make of it, imagine you are in a story and play that way!]It's like Far Cry 3 with dragons. 10/10]The Dragonborn Comes Our Hero, our Hero, claims a warrior's heart I tell you, I tell you, the Dragonborn comes With a Voice wielding power of the ancient Nord art Believe, believe, the Dragonborn comes It's an end to the evil of all Skyrim's foes Beware, beware, the Dragonborn comes For the darkness has passed and the legend yet grows You'll know, you'll know, the Dragonborn's come Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal Ahrk fin norok paal graan Fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal]The Dragonborn Comes Our Hero, our Hero, claims a warrior's heart I tell you, I tell you, the Dragonborn comes With a Voice wielding power of the ancient Nord art Believe, believe, the Dragonborn comes It's an end to the evil of all Skyrim's foes Beware, beware, the Dragonborn comes For the darkness has passed and the legend yet grows You'll know, you'll know, the Dragonborn's come Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal Ahrk fin norok paal graan Fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal]I killed so many dragons, became Dragonborn, slaughtered some people, stole gold and stuff... Then I went home and played Skyrim, it was pretty good.]Game of the Year. Every series.]I wasn't aware just how necessary a magical argonian experience is to my life until I purchased this software. Thank you Bethesda.]Gorgeous! Wonderful! Just perfect!! Definitely the game for the year 2011 and one the best games i've ever played. Bunch of complex missions, infinite sub missions, a huge and marvellous map to explore, awesome fights, great weapons to upgrade and so on...You must play this game!!](Shady attempt at Mod monetisation aside) Skyrim has stood the test of time to become established as one of the greatest action RPGs developed, reaching such a pinnacle in part due to the superb modding community- that must be mentioned in conjunction with the vanilla games effort- elevating it into a true time killer even if youve put hundreds of hours into it- like I did- on console first.]This is one of the best adventures you can play: long and storyrich main quest with huge amount of sidequests to venture through! With the official Dragonborn, Dawnguard and Heartfire dlcs there's tons of places to see and enormous amount of quests to complete. If you somehow run out of stuff to find then there's the modding possibility. SO MANY mods are out there (Steam Workshop, Skyrim Nexus...) to give you more quests, items and whatever. With all the mods it's pretty much endless adventure waiting for you as Dragonborn. The best ability of course is shouting at everything you see. It's pretty funny to make people fly away when you feel upset about someone stealing your sweetroll... Some caves and especially Dwarven ruins tend to be pretty boring to go to after some time since they are pretty long (Dwarven ruins) and linear (just killing tons of same enemies to find something/somebody or to get somewhere) but other than that it's a beautiful and rich game in so many ways that there is no reason why you shouldn't give it a try! Btw never attack chickens... those s seem to be pretty valuable in Skyrim since everyone is willing to kill you if you harm them.]This morning my dog took a sheeet on my neighbours lawn, then I had to clean it up. Also this game is pretty good.]Conclusion on why this game is worth buying: 1. Delicious sweetrolls. 2. Space program with the giants. 3. CABBAGES. 4. Hide and seek with the dead. 5. Chicken. 6. Physics-defying horses. 7. Have I mentioned cabbages? 8. Fresh products in ancient caves/dungeons. 9. Totally-not-annoying immortal children. 10. Mmmm skooma mmmmm 11. FUS RO DAH!!]This game doesn't need a recommendation. There are some caves with spiders putting their own torches. 200/10 Must play.]Addictive AND org4smic. Best combination]I spent over 70 hours playing and still haven't met the Greybeards. 9/10]Wow. What happened to my life? 10/10]Downloaded Naked Girls Mod, Some Awesome Armor and Houses Mods and Curvy Girls Mod and Prostitution Mod and Some Fantasy Armors mod. 11/10 Would Fap again.]I love it, it gave me 2 years of fun, I played every playstyle, every race, every way, every DLC. I been from a straight up heavy armor warrior with a huge battleaxe that can turn into a werewolf, and could stand still taking every hit from a dragon without losing almost any health. To a master thief who isn't very strong but can sneak through a entire bandit camp without being seen once.. All the way to guy who never killed a soul, worked hard for his money chopping wood. Managing to build his own house and have a family. The main story with all the guilds you can join and areas to explore, you won't be bored for a long time. So don't just rush the main story and assume you seen it all. Out of the DLC's, the best would be Dragonborn. It offers a large new world, enemies, quests, armors and weapons. While the Dawnguard only offers a bit and a vampire lord form, and Hearthfire just lets you adopt kids and build homes. The worst thing about it, is there will be bugs, which can easily be fixed by console commands. But only use if needed, like after 5 retrys a quest won't finish or continue. 8/10 Only because it can get far too easy, and the bugs. You get stronger than all the enemies too quickly. So I say when you learn the game better, go on Master or Legendary difficulty for a challenge.]255 Mods later.....this is better than sex]What else can i say, the best has been said. And yes, I really do recommend this game.]Best mod simulator on the market.]I got Master Chief as a follower and gave him Dante's (Devil May Cry) robes. We then fought in an epic battle of Reds and Blues. We ended the day by getting on a Broom and flying off into the sunset. 10/10]There is so many ways to play this game, and so many things to explore that I could have easily put in another 200+ hours had I not completed all the achievements. If you don't like grinding, theres plenty to do. If you like grinding, build a house. Or three...]Don't do it, your life will slowly start to disappear 10/10 Game of the Year]i never thought skyrim is this much fun with advantures, if i knew it back then i would have bought it when it first come out. im so addicted playing skyrim but then i took an arrow to the knee <3---(knee)---<<<]Quite possibly the greatest game ever made by mere mortals. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim takes you on a journey through Skyrim, a province of Tamriel. The dragons have returned and as the Dragonborn it's your mission to send the lizards of the sky back to where they came from! With a good main story-line accompanied by terrific side quest lines and DLC all backed up by a lore which comes a close second to the Fallout series this game really does have the perfect base for a singleplayer game. The gameplay is also fun and very rewarding, with 6 different difficult levels as well as numerous playstyles to try you'll never play the same game twice. But that's not why you buy Skyrim for PC, the modding community is what you buy Skyrim for. With one of the most dedicated and skilled mod communities going this game can have almost anything you could possibly want and more. The best bit is thanks to the programs available modding your game couldn't be easier to mod and thanks to the Creation Kit you to can get in on the action! The Verdict: Gameplay 8/10 Story 7/10 Lore 9/10 Replayability 10/10 Graphics (unmodded) 7/10 Graphics (modded) 10/10 Overall Rating: 9.5 El K.]Do you like Role play games? Then Skyrim is the perfect game for you! You can create a Charakter and can choose a Race like: - Altmer (High-Elf) - Bosmer (Wood-Elf) - Argonian - Breton - Dunmer (Dark-Elf) - Imperial - Khajiit - Nord - Orsimer (Orc) - Redguard You can play as a warrior or an magician (or both) and level your charakter up. There are lots of skill perks for your Chara. Also you can become some special creatures like a Werwolf or a Vampire (DLC Dawnguard gives you a powerfull Vampire Lord.) ---- In Skyrim there are lots of Quests and a exciting Main - Story. Main: The Dragons are back and something is bring them back alive. The Dragonborn is the one who can kill the Dragons and save the world. But where are the Dragonborn? .. Everybody is hopeless cause it's the end of the world... But you are the one who can protect the world of the end and save everybody! Cause you are a real Dragonborn! You are the one who kill Alduin the World eater and stop the dragons. Also there are lots of more storys in different guilds like the Dark Brotherhood (Assassins), the thiefs guild, The Companions or for the magicians the magicians school. Also you can choose between the Imperials or the Stormlocks and can fight in the war. So, Skyrim is the best role play game i ever played and everbody who love rpg's have to buy this.]Best game ever! Love It.]One of the best games ever, period. If you don't own Skyrim already, open your wallet right now and buy it!]So, What do we say about ' The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim '. No words to describe it, Buy it, Play it, Beat it, Mod it, Play again, Lose your social life, Repeat everyday. - Rules of Skyrim 2014]This game is honestly the best game I've played. I've sat down and played countless hours on the elder scrolls games but this tops it off. A great follow up and so much better than elder scrolls online that was recently released as the next in the series. If you are skeptical of this game still I'm not done yet. There are thousands of hours of modding put in by a dedicated modding community that adds around 1000+ hours of new content just by using the mods from the workshop, if youve looked at the workshop and it doesnt look big with only 10,000 mods, you have the nexus with over 30,000 that adds so much to your game and if you have complaints there is a mod for it that changes it and makes your experience amazing and fully immersive. The game challenges you to patience and choosing the right moment to do things and it really adds in an immersive way of living in the elder scrolls with full ability to extend your abilites in the largest scale open world map ever made. You can slaughter a city of the rebels - the stormcloaks, or delve deep into dungeons recovering powerful artifacts that can help you on your way to the top of the chain. As your progress your story the way the people of skyrim treat you differentiates, you can slay a dragon and they start to say "Youve slain a few dragons in your time" Or when you become the whisperer of the dark brotherhood you find npcs every so often that use the dark brotherhood greeting "hail sithis". There is a whole new experience to everything you have ever experienced in a game. Buy the game.]Skyrim is easily one of the best games of this generation. Its one of the games that you get as much out of as you put in. Its also one of the games you play exactly how you want to play. You can choose to ignore the main story immediately after beginning or play through the quests like a linear action adventure game. Speaking of quests, theres an awful lot of them. The main story is centred on the return of dragons to the world. Pretty soon, you find out you are the legendary Dragonborn, a man or woman with the ability to consume dragon souls. Its your job to find out why the reptiles have returned and try and protect the world from this new menace. two thumbs from me! because the game deserves it.]10/10 Would Mod again One of the best experiences I have had during my many gaming experiences,  the game was so amazing on console I was forced to buy it again on pc, and thats saying somthing due to the fact that half the fun in this game is to see how much you can mod the  out of it until it crashes your poor little pc. Do yourself a favor if you have not tried this game out go an buy it and hopefully have as much fun with it as I have.]Shouted a goat off a cliff 10/10]-I woke up people in their deep sleep, and they start to casually talk like "I have the best horses" -I stole people's goods right in front of their noses by just crouching -I took forever to slay a dragon, was so happy to absorb his soul but then some  interrupts and steals it anyway -Someone I knew died, a random NPC whom I met but cant remember anyway -My horse got killed by death hounds, couldnt save it -Rode Odaviings back -Glitched Alduin through a wall -Broke the game by getting too many mods -fixed the game by getting more mods -clipping skulls through my face to look badass -not wearing Daedric armor -Catman died through the wall, his tail was between his legs so it looked like a hairy  -not all mods are need to be paid for, so I dont understand what people are on about Overall, I love the game to death. Each book you find has its own story, btw.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an Open-world RPG with an awesome story and it has one of the biggest world to explore in any games ever made! In this game, you play as the Dragonborn, the chosen one that is meant to protect Skyrim from dragons. Honestly, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is probably one of the best game on Steam. The ambiance and everything is just so great! It's still one of the best selling games on Steam even 3 years after it's release! If you haven't played it yet and are you not sure if you should buy it, you can check my personal score below. Category Rating /10 Details Gameplay 8.1 The game is very well designed. You can set hotkeys for multiple spells or weapons at once, you can do questlines and misc quests at any times as long as you have the requirements, there's tons of content to explore... The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim doesn't offer anything new to the genre, however, and it's not very well balanced. Some dragons are easier to kill than some types of undeads found in dungeons. Also the AI can be quite confusing: sometimes monsters stands still and let you kill them, sometimes enemies do not even notice you walking in front of them with a high stealth level. Everybody can play the game due to good difficulty settings, but keep in mind the controls are poor and there's some weird balance going on! Graphics 8.0 The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim graphics are nice. Some things like Snow and NPCs are not very appealing, but during the time you play, you will find tons of amazing landscapes, skies, buildings and forests... That's for the base game of course, because you can make the game more beautiful with mods. As for the animations, most are fine, but rolling and ragdoll deaths are not so well done. The interface is simple and has just the right amount of information. Atmosphere 8.5 The music is totally amazing. It really fits the game: fighting music is intense and while exploring, the music really sets the atmosphere. Sound effects are alright, though repetitive. My opinion on voice acting is a bit more complex though. Honestly, I am impressed by some characters voice acting, like Cicero, Astrid, Senera, Sheogorath... They have very unique and amazing voices. On the other hand, some NPCs shares the same voice; like, litterally not just the same voice actor, but the same actual voice in game on multiple NPCs. Performance 4.8 Here's the weak point of the game, definately. The amount of bugs is just catastrophic. I could write a paragraph longer than this review to list all the bugs i've experienced while playing The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for around 140 hours. Game breaking bugs where you cannot complete certain quest and hope that you can complete them with the console. Sometimes you need to restart the entire game from the start if you absolutely need to complete a certain quest. Your character can fall through the floor, monsters fall from the sky randomly, playing at higher than 60 fps will cause your game to act weird, some areas will just make your game crash upon loading... I know that the mod "Skyrim unofficial patches" can be downloaded to fix some of these issues, but with the game as is, you are going to be annoyed really quickly with the tons of bugs you will encounter during your playthrough of the game. As for the overall performance, the game runs quite smoothly at 60 fps at least. Story 9.2 The story is another very strong point of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Some questlines in particular will get you so addicted to the game, that you will play it through until it's done. The fact that almost all of your choices affects the outcome and scenario of almost every single quests is just crazy. The amount of work put into this aspect of the game is huge! You can be a good guy, a bad guy or simply do just what you want. A certain character annoys you? Kill him! You recovered a powerful artifact that somebody asked you to get for him? If you want to keep it, you can! That's how much you can control your character's fate. Singleplayer 8.5 Well, since The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim only offers Singleplayer, this is just a resume of my review. The game is fun to play by yourself, it doesn't get boring at all and it's totally worth trying out. Just keep in mind, that bugs and crashes will affect your experience by a large margin unless you mod your game heavily. Even there, you might still experience some annoying bugs with mods, but it's definately gonna be better. Multiplayer -- This game features no co-op or multiplayer. Playtime 10 The game is known for excelling in this aspect. It took me 140 hours just to go through essensial parts of the game to complete all achievements. I have only done a few questlines and there's tons and tons of misc. quests that I have not started. Just in 1 playthrough you can spend from 100 to upward of 1000 hours depending on many quests you wanna finish, you many things you want to personally accomplish and if you want to craft full sets of gear, get to a very high level, unlock all magics, find all books, etc... Replayability is definately a strong point too! You can create a new character to try out a different race, look, build or just to re-do some questlines you might want to approach differently, because your choices in some quests will completely affect what happens during and after the quest. Prices 9.0 For the amount of content and playtime this game offers, US$19.99 (As of late 2014) is a steal. Sure the DLCs are quite expansive, but if you get the Legendary Edition for US$39.99 you will get much more content and a better price than individual DLCs by far. This game is totally worth buying at the listed price. Steam Features 10 It's got all the features you would hope for! The achievements in this game are super fun to work towards with only a few missable ones that you can easily manage to do if you read-up well enough before starting your game. It's got trading cards and most important, steam workshop support! As of late 2014, there are over 23,000 gameplay mods, items, quests, creatures... The list goes on. The modding community is extremely active for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim! It's also got partial controller support and steam cloud. Game Score 8.1 Information Hours Details Time required to complete the game. ~30 hours. Main questline + few misc. quests and item farming. Time required to fully complete the game. 1000+ hours. All quests + collect items + max level in all skills... Etc. Time required to get 100% achievements in the game. ~140 hours. 75/75 achievements working, no particulary hard achievements.]I don't care what anyone says, Skyrim is one of the greatest games I have EVER played, I have dedicated SOOO much time into it, (Yes i know on my profile it says I haven't played it for all THAT long but I never really played it while connected to the internet so yeah) There was a time when I would play skyrim for close to 12 hours a day (yep sure did take my life away from me) It was actually my very first steam game. After dedicating even more time in TES IV Oblivion, I eventually got Skyrim in 2012 and I will admit that after creating all kinds of characters I did eventually get tired of it, that was until I discovered MMOxReview on Youtube (Great guy, check him out :)) I then started modding my skyrim game, and a once Great game turned into something legendary... Now to be honest I wasn't all THAT fond of the Main quest, BUT the thieves guild and Dark brotherhood in these games has always really inspired me, I just wish they could have made them both longer :( Unfortuantly I have never played the expansions for Skyrim seeing as though I can't afford it :( Yeah i know, sad isn't it, But that hasn't stopped me from playing Skyrim over and OVER again... TES Online... let's just say I probs will never play it because I just don't really like the looks of it. And I am VERY keen for TES VI (I think it is going to be set in Hammerfell) Please tell me if you would like me to write a guide for this game, I am quite happy to and I promise I won't use any of that noob language if i do. I highly recommend this game, I give it a score of 9.5/10 Have a nice day ;)]There are many reasons why we play games. Some play games to experience a story, some play to compete with others and some play to have experiences they have never had otherwise in real life. Alot play games to escape into another world, and live completely different lives, and this is what drives Bethesdas Elder Scrolls series, a series that has excelled in creating complete virtual worlds, inviting the player to live parallel lives. Skyrim is the latest world offered by Bethesda to live in, and it seems like its Bethesdas finest accomplishment yet. Similarly to the two Elder Scrolls games before it, you start off as a prisoner, and this case you are on your way to be executed. Just before the axe greets your neck, a dragon appears and the entire army base you were in goes into disarray. You are set free after the incident, and it is up to you to find out why are the dragons appearing, and what is your role in the whole ordeal (hint: it rhymes with Shmagonborn). Bethesda displays such dedication to concept of open world that makes other open world games pale in comparison. Skyrim isnt just a series of buildings, environments and NPCs, it is the closest there is to virtual living world in a game. The sense of freedom found in Elder Scrolls is unparalleled, and Skyrim is the best implementation of this yet. The main quest is a minimal part of the game, and most of the fun comes from exploring the world built for you. As you go exploring dungeons, assisting NPCs with their problems, joining factions and reading ingame books, you realize what a dense world Skyrim is. It is compelling to learn more about Skyrim, about its citizens and about its politics, and the more you learn about, the more you are invested in the well being of the world. Through all the running around and exploring, you come across a wide range of missions to complete. The main mission is, as usual, the most interesting one, but the rest of the missions can be worthy, and they are necessary to help you know more about the world. You can complete missions for The Companions (Skyrims equivalent of the Fighters Guild) to understand how ingrained the warrior culture is in Skyrim, or join the Mages College and be looked down upon by Nords who believe that magic is for sissies. Even miscellaneous missions, such as simply standing up for a Dark Elf against a bunch of racist Nords can be satisfying. Standard fetch quests are to be found here and there, but there are far from being the norm. The games graphics have been talked about endlessly. Now, Skyrims graphics are great, with detailed textures and wonderful environments. Yet it terms of detail, they dont hold a candle to games like Rage and Battlefield 3. Yet Skyrim is nicer to look at than the aforementioned games, and that is because of Skyrims aesthetics. Bethesda knows that when it comes to graphics, art direction trumps fidelity, and in Skryim, the beauty of the world comes from its style. Part of the reason Morrowind is generally viewed as a much better game than Oblivion is because of its fantastical designs; while Oblivion came off as a standard European fantasy setting, Morrowind was a truly outlandish and exotic location that had its own unique identity. Skyrim returns with the art direction that made Morrowind so unique. While the location might not be as exotic as Morrowind, Skyrim it is exactly the blistering norse region that you would think is occupied by burly, war-faring people. The buidlings, the environments, the apparel, the weapons, the creatures, and even the music all give Skyrim its unique identity, an identity that is inspired by real-life Scandinavia, but is in no way identical to it. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ The combat, which is one of the weaker aspects in previous Elder Scrolls, is drastically improved here. While there is still the feeling that you are hacking away at empty spaces instead of making a real impact on your enemy, but its not as bad as it was in previous games. The biggest addition to the combat system is the double wielding, and it works great. You can go for a sword in each hand, a sword and spell, or two spells, one in each hand. I personally went sword and staff, Gandalf style. There is also a favorite menu for items, a feature that pauses makes it easier to equip items in game. This is designed to save you the hassle of going to the main item screen during the game, but it also gives a tactical quality to the combat, since the menu pauses the game and allows for quick equipment changes, which is helpful especially when fighting dragons. Dragons appear as random encounters throughout the game, and they are just as imposing as one would imagine dragons to be. You will die alot fighting them, and you would have to rely on myriad of tactics to fight them. A few hacks there, retreat to heal yourself, attack with destruction magic while the dragon is airborne, retreat again, and so on. Killing a dragon is immensely satisfying, and through killing dragons do you acquire new shouts. Shouts are another new combat feature; they are words in the dragon language which, when you say them, unleashes different attacks on your enemies, or gives you new powers. Shouts are a welcome addition to the games combat system, and further adds to the combats tactical quality. Now this is a Bethesda game, which means that bugs are abound. I have experienced a few unresponsive actions from NPCs, same crashes, and an axe suspended in midair. However, this is an area I cant criticize Bethesda much about. In a game of this size and scope, it is virtually impossible to spot all the bugs before release. To their credit, Bethesda is quick to releases patches that fix whatever issues gamers may have. We can also count on the mod community to tweek all the inconveniences out of the game. Bugs are abundant in the game, and players will experience at least one in every playthrough, yet for the most part, these bugs are miniscule and far from game breaking. Skyrim is like a music album that has a few tracks that you arent particularly fond of, but rest of the music is pure aural blliss that you cant help but think of the album as close to perfection as possible. I cant point to a single part of the game and say that is the best part; the entire game is an experience. It stays firmly rooted in Elder Scrolls gameplay, yet with enough improvements and additions (and subtractions) to make Skyrim stand on its own. After experiencing the vast, dense and incredibly detailed world of Skyrim, you cant help but snicker whenever another game is referred to as open world. Good: Vast yet incredibly detailed world, Incredible Depth, Interesting Story, Improved Combat System, Gorgeous Graphics and wonderful style Bad: Buggy, some standard 'fetch' missions Price: AED 9.5/10]Wow! I spent almost 200 hours playing Skyrim and that was without any DLC. Excellent value for money. If you are a completionist and enjoy doing side-quests then this is the game for you. There is so much to do it is almost overwhelming, but an excellent map system can always keep you on track for your chosen quest. Brilliant game.]Buy it, mod it, play it, grow addicted to it, forget about it, start playing it again, and see your life fall before your very eyes once again.]Killed a group of Thalmor in front of guards and charged with assault and paid only 200 gold as a fine. 10/10 Skyrim belongs to the Nords]After 700 hours of my life wasted I decided to write review.. This game will be fun for you, if you dont know how to spend your free time or if you dont have other videogames. Otherways, you will end after 30 hours. From my personal experience, If you have a good imagination, then you will forget what real life is. I remember, how I got this game for christmas before 3 years. Well, I did not have much friends or other hobbies, so I started to play it. I imagined my self-created stories with my characters, like: my elf character is cursed bad guy and etc. Then I met my girfriend, so I had to say "goodbye" to skyrim. I think If I did not have her, I could have over 1000 hours on it. But now seriously, that was my personal though, now lets say something more about the game, shall we ? + 6 main campaings: Dragonborn (not much plot-twists, but thats what the game is all about.) Companions (Mercenaries, few plot-twist, sympatic characters in it. Aela is hot by the way) Mage University(I dont like to play as mage, so I didnt like it much, but it is worth it) Thieves Guild( I liked that one, contains really rememberable characters, many plot twists, AWESOME) The Dark Brotherhood(Assassins, I though being murderer wont be job for me in skyrim. But damn, this campaing made me play the game many times. It has sympatic characters and unforgetable plot twists. With the Thieves Guild, this was the best one for me) And the last one - Empire vs. Stormcloak Rebelion (civil war. Both sideshave truth in something, but only the Stormcloak Leader is sympatic) +DLCs include Dragonborn - New whole island, new campaing and about 25 hours of doing everything there. Dawnguard - Two new factions - Vampires vs. Vampire Hunters. Sympatic Girl Serana. And Crossbows. Hearthfire - "The Sims DLC" - you can build 3 houses, adopt children -Game was released with many bugs, which doesnt bother me so much,but physics in specific parts of this game cant be forgiven. - I DONT LIKE, when someone says that Skyrim is the best RPG game of all the time. There are better RPGs like the Witcher, Gothic etc. Skyrim is one of the better ones, but not the best one. Do I recommend you to buy it ? Of course I do ! 9/10 But... I regret that time wasted on this game. If I spent my time better, than... I dont know... I maybe had more friends than I have now. Who knows. So dont be like me. Dont be no-life kids as I was. Get a girlfriend maybe xD Thanks for reading, if someone did. Its been an honor to tell you my opinion. Thank you for your time.]My motto for this game: Mod it until it crashes]I have leave my Girlfriends for this]best RPG ever played !!!!!!!!!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has got to be one of the most worked on games of 2011 and 2 years on, it still doesn't fail to impress. The amazing work put into the game has definitly paid off with hours upon hours of things to do. The game works amazing on every platform from PS3, Xbox and PC. As I have experienced from the console versions, the loading screens take quite a long time and there are many glitches that happen every time you play. This is 100% different with the PC version as the loading screens are very quick, even on the top graphics settings and the glitches are much less frequent. Pros: - Amazing graphics - Amazing stroyline - A high selection of weapons - Amazing character interface - Easy to use controls - Large amount of side quests Cons: - A few glitches I would give The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim a well earned 10/10!]Good Open World RPG... Has the feeling like u really are in Skyrim. This makes it wonderfull. Later in the game. It will get a bit borring.. But who cares!]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]the first time I approached a giant it gave me a demo of kerbal space program. would fu ck this game if I could . 10/10 would fly to the stars with a giant again.]Great awesome game. Lots of hours wasted playing. Power to the Community.]I'm very hard to please when it comes to RPG's. I loved Skyrim, I'd say it's a 9.5/10. It's got a few minor problems, but it's an amazingly well done game. I'm pretty sure everyone has heard of this game, so I don't need to ramble on forever about it. The DLC is ok, some of it glitched out on me. I love the freedom of mods, console cheating to give myself gear/stats/perks/spells/etc, the quest treelines are awesome. Besides the ocassional glitch, the only other complaint I have is the way Bethesda prices their DLC on steam sales.]Skyrim is the perfect example of how a vast and addictive adventure game is done, without overloading the player with Witcher-like  complexity. You begin the game picking only your race and from then, what type of fighter you are is completely built off of how you play, making for endless possibilities of the fighter you can become. It is a poor idea to just stick to the main story all throughout, because it will leave you at a disadvantage if you ignore the varying side quests and beautiful exploration, which allow you to uncover some of the best equipment as well as enhance your skills and levels. This in turn, has given me a massive playtime of 37 hours so far and the main story still only feels like it's a quarter of the way through! This is a fantastic watercooler game, allowing for you and your friends to share hours of stories about your unique adventures and play style in Skyrim. If you have the system specs and you love exploration, DO NOT MISS THIS GAME!]Time to update this review... It took 5 years after TES IV Oblivion for Skyrim to come out, the game is now more than 3 years old. The story isn't the best, but it is not bad either and much fun if you play it for the first time, there are also a lot of sidequest you can do which are also really good and much fun. But even on the highest difficulty (legendary) the game isn't that hard at all.You can spend hundreds of hours in the vanilla game and you can spend thousands of hours if you mod the game (i play with 200+ mods). If you don't already have the game buy it, if you don't want to spend 15 (and more for the DLCs) wait for a sale and get it for about 3. Should you play this game? Yeah. Should you mod this game? YEAH! So this is definitely still one of my favorite games and you won't regret buying it. 10/10 waiting for Enderal and TES VI]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! This game changed the course of history of computer games introducing a new concept of the game with an open world and freedom of action. I will describe this game in the pros and cons. Pros + Well designed, spacious world of beautiful locations. + Great freedom of action. + Random quests, which are a perfect complement to ordinary tasks. + Audio frame with an indication of the music. + The climate in the game. + Great storyline in guilds. + Character development. + The world in the game alive. + Very good DLC. + Steam workshop. Cons - Disappointing dragons. - Poorly matched the level of difficulty. - Repeated quests. - Random errors. This game is awesome I would recommend buying. Fun for many hours. I give 11/10]Best Game i ever play with mods made by users, it's so much fun]Go cast your fancy spells some where else]i got to eat cheese in the middle of a Battle. best game ever 10/10.]KILL ALL THE DRAGONS!]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]fired an icicle into a moose b-hole. 10/10, would visit canada again.]Skyrim is the best game I've played in a long time, I love it, I have it on Ps3 and PC. The mods will keep you entertained once you have played it for 200+ hours, Which is one of the reasons to have this on the pc. If you're thinking about getting this game you deffinitly should! It keeps you entertained for hours and it feels like minutes.]Where has this game been all my life?! Seriously, it's one of the best games I've ever played. The world, Skyrim, is so huge and you will always find stuff to do, you will always discover something new, something you haven't seen before. I really don't know what to say about the game - I'm still so amazed at it. It's just super awesome and totally worth the money since you (probably) will spend hundrets of hours in Skyrim. So if you haven't already: Make sure to try it out one day.]Somebody stole my sweetroll and every guard in every town knows it. I think it's a conspiracy.]Best love story ever! When i was still a aprenttice, i met a girl, Lydia, she was kind, polite, funny, and beutiful, i can say i fall in love for her. We had good and bad times, she helped me in my adventure, protected me, carried my equipement, was a tough girl, and i was even more in love for her... But one day, she disapeard, gone.... I was mad, and i decide to run away, when i stoped, i couldnt find her, searh every corner of Whiterun, Windhelm, Solitude, Riften and so on... I lost her, my only and true love, i died inside... But one day, when i was passing by Riverwood, there she was, running to me, i drop my sword and my shield, and run to her, never been so fast in my entire life! Happiest day of my life! When i ask her why she left me, she said got lost in the woods, and lost my track, but her love for me, found the way. Then i knew, her words, she was in love too, saw i asked if she want to marry me, and she said YES!! Now this is the best day of my life! We married in Riften, our friends were there, to see this moment. After the wedding, we went to my house in Whiterun, i renewd it just for her, and she love it! We tried to have a son, but Lydia cant have babies, so we adopt a little girl, named Linda. Me and Lydia, play with her, take her out, to see the world out side! With the money i earn from my adventures, i constructed a house, a bigger and better house, and we adopt another child, this time a boy, named Abe. Now we live a fairy tales. 10/10 Would fall in love again (Sorry for the english)]its a game in big world with magic and stuff and blow enemies against walls with your magic and marry pplz and then shoot them with ur magic and stuff and other magics and magic wands and magic clothes and dragons who gets kilt by ur magic and more magic buy it because of magic]English Review I'm quoting a passage from my review about a game Gothic 3: I love games, where weapons are used as swords, bows, axes, maces, ...'' The introduction is little bit boring, you're listening to a conversation and you're traveling by vehicle to the town, where you're supposed to be executed. You can do nothing, neither skip it. But after arrival of the dragon everything changes and the game gains new fallout. After killing enemies and escaping from the hell. Your journey still continues with your fellow fighter where you later say goodbye to each other and you go by your own. In general, the game is vast, it offers many places and localities. It's not any short game, but other way around, pretty long game trick. For your hero, except inventory with weapons to his hands there is also an option of using a magic. Besides paths and brooks in the game, there are various mazes where you have to work with your mind. You'll have a little trouble with learning new spells or opening locks. Another special stuff are dragons. Pretty dangerous creatures,it's not very good to start an introduction with them. During the selection of race, you have a possibility to choose various entities. The view in the game will player choose on by himself. Purchase and sell of goods or weapons is possible in every town. A little defect of beauty are walk along mountanious terrain or if you have more load, things in inventory, you can't run then. Besides, graphics is created on high level. What about audio and messages  amazing. Processing of a game according to northern mythology was wonderful idea. Spectacular RPG game. Rating: 9/10 Slovak Review Citujem ryvok zo svojej recenzie na hru Gothic 3: ,,Milujem hry, kde sa vyuvaj zbrane ako mee, luky, sekery, kyje, ...'' vod je sce trochu nudn, povate rozhovor a veziete sa do mesta na voze, kde Vs maj popravi. Proste ni nemete robi, ani preskoi to. No po prchode draka sa ve men a hra naber nov spd. Po vyzabjan protivnkov a teku z pekla. Vaa cesta stle pokrauje s Vam spolubojovnkom, kde sa potom neskr rozlite a idete na vlastn ps. Celkovo je hra rozsiahla, ponka mnostvo miest a lokalt. Nejedn sa o iadnu krtku hru, skr naopak, dos dlh hern vychytvka. Pre Vho hrdinu okrem inventu so zbraami do ruky je tu i monos vyuvania mgie. Okrem cestiiek a potikov v hre s i rzne bludisk, kde si potrpite hlaviku. Tie si ju potrpite na uen sa novch kzel i otvran zmkov. aliou vychtvkou s draci. Dos nebezpen stvorenia, s ktormi si pre vod nerado zana. Pri vbere rasy mte na vber rzne entity. Pohad v hre si hr nasta sm. Kpa a predaj tovaru i zbran je mon v kadom meste. o je troku chybikou krsy s prechdzky po hrnatom terne i ak mte viac nkladu, veci v inventri, tak nemete beha. In grafika je vytvoren na vysokej kvalite. o sa tka audia a hlok je na vborn. Spracovanie hry poda severskej mytolgie bol asn npad. Vekolep RPG hra. Hodnotenie: 9/10]Best purchase I have done from Steam was Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Legendary Edition, endless fun, so many mods to install, 5 of 5 stars.]The role playing game that arguable defined the genre for this past generation of consoles, the PS3 and 360, left me in awe once I finally broke away from it 75 hours from the start. It wasnt just an enhanced version of the hit success Oblivion, it was an entirely new game. So it was obvious not to have any ridiculously high expectations for the game going into it. The only thing the game suffered from was a cookie-cutter, by the books approach to the game. For instance, the opening scene of the game was supposed to be a worrisome one. Youre next in line to get your head axed off in a public execution, yet I wasnt scared. Atrocious acting and robotic-like animations sickened the characters around me. The intensity that the situation was supposed to deliver was crushed. But storytelling has never been Bethesdas strong suit and neither was it a high priority going into Skyrim. They wanted to create an experience that the players would never have to leave, something they could come back to and constantly have something to do, a place to explore, a mystical world taken from our imaginations that brought our mythical fantasies of dragons and castles to life before us. And they did just that.Skryims landscape is vast. While it may look small on paper, getting from point A to point B could take up the better part of an hour, or more if you get lost in the excitement of discovery and getting lost in your imagination to go and see what may be just around the corner, or in that cave just up the hill. The world constantly has something for you to do, whether that be exploring, questing, crafting, hunting dragons and other mystical beasts, or even starting up your own family and home. But it was the frequency at which I obtained new quests that always kept me on my feet. At one point, I had 19 main quests and 45 side quests all active at once. I just couldnt stop getting things to do. Everywhere I went, no matter who I talked to, someone always had something for me to do. Quests would even pop up in front of me while I ventured out to accomplish another task, only adding to the lengthy list I had drawn up already. Even when I tried to avoid civilians at all costs, they still managed to nag me to do things for them via messengers that would hand me documents with news quests. The cool part was that most of the quests rewarded me well for my hard work. And most of the quests that I had garnered all had their own uniquely scripted story thread, many of which tied into the main conflict at hand which involved me cleansing the kingdom of dragons. But the main campaign itself was still superbly penned, even with the hundreds of side content stories to embark on. Perhaps the coolest part about the quests however was how every one of them purposefully took me to a new area on the map that I hadnt yet been to before. The game wanted me to explore and see new things. I didnt just get a handful of chores to do in a single, nearby quarry or dungeon, everything was spread out and unique unto itself. And for the most part, none of the areas suffered from the problem Oblivion had, where many of the dungeons and areas in the game were composed of copied textures simply pasted into the game from other areas. Every nook and cranny of Skyrim is unique and different.If you hadnt already known, every character you create is Dragonborn from the start, meaning he or she can cast powerful magic-like shouts that are one of your biggest weapons at hand when confronted by a dragon. Yet they can also be used against other enemy types as well. The extensive variety of spells and shouts is extensive to say the very least and I had a blast getting to experiment with the different elemental types such as fire, ice, and electricity. The games new perk system also made experimenting with different skill types a joy as well. With just a few clicks of the mouse, I could upgrade my efficiency with one handed swords or have increased my maximum health. I could have even changed my list of magical weapons or upgraded a specific attack. The combat in the game was a huge improvement over its predecessor as well. Enemies can no longer be exploited like before in Oblivion where you could simply backpedal and fire spells at foes as they helplessly trampled along after you. The enemies youll face in Skyrim move significantly faster when than your backpedaling character when they go out on the attack. All in all, the combat system was very well put together. Swords clashes upon one another and bounced of shields, and thanks to the ability to multitask with your magical powers, you can cast things such as healing spells on the go in the middle of a fight to save you from death. The biggest problem with Skyrim though is the same that has affected every other Elder Scrolls game, bugs. While Bethesda has delivered a much more stable game this time around, it didnt stop me from having to reload previous saves on numerous occasions. And if youre one of those players who hates to save every ten minutes, or you just simply forget, the games auto save functionality is probably a life saver to you, although it isnt perfect. The thought of erased victories over deadly dragons and lost character development may sound like a nightmare to some, but heck, for a veteran of the Elder Scrolls series, its simply something Ive come to expect now.]Amazing game ! endless hours of gameplay and quests with loads of in game roleplaying potential. you can buy a house settle down with a wife ,pillage towns,pickpocket kings, teebag guards i would recomend this game to anyone. And with the dawn guard dlc the infinate world of skyrim just got bigger ! in this amazing free roaming adventure. world of advice "Dont become a vampire !" (well unless you want people trying to kill you all the time) this amazing game will challenge you with traps and puzzles and from a horrific monster down to a lowly skever it captures the minds of children and adults alike. wow ! i have lost so many hours playing this wonderous game unlimited potenital and a diverse range of weapons ranging from a bow and arrow to a fireball and staff exellent role playing compatibility, and praticaly endless quests and fun to be honest :)]I got killed by a pot after getting a 1000 bounty from killing a chicken. 11/10]Amazing game ! endless hours of gameplay and quests with loads of in game roleplaying potential. you can buy a house settle down with a wife ,pillage towns,pickpocket kings, teebag guards i would recomend this game to anyone. And with the dawn guard dlc the infinate world of skyrim just got bigger ! in this amazing free roaming adventure. world of advice "Dont become a vampire !" (well unless you want people trying to kill you all the time) this amazing game will challenge you with traps and puzzles and from a horrific monster down to a lowly skever it captures the minds of children and adults alike. wow ! i have lost so many hours playing this wonderous game unlimited potenital and a diverse range of weapons ranging from a bow and arrow to a fireball and staff exellent role playing compatibility, and praticaly endless quests and fun to be honest :)]This game is not a "love it or hate it", it's a "love it AND hate it". Sometimes while playing I think to myself: "This is THE game, it's just a dream come true, is it real?", but the next moment it might change to: "This is the most stupid waste of time I've ever paid for". First of all, it is HUGE. It is enormous. I've done 300 hours into it and I'm still in the middle of the main quest. It's got everything: fights, spells, potions, horses, dogs, children, marriages, dragons, clothes, bookcases, treasure maps, grocery stores, pagan worshipping, war, armageddon, waterbreething, dead naked sorceresses in bikinis, mysterious ancient civilisations, glowing mushrooms, mammoths, zombies and lots, lots, lots of bugs. It is very beautiful, especially at night, when you see the northern lights shining, but also very ugly when the low and high resolution textures are messing up in front of you. It's got so many quests, tasks, characters and places, I think even developers don't know them all. It is a gem for those who like to explore and discover the territory for themselves. Each cave has something in it, each ruin might conceal a secret, each village might have a mystery to uncover. The freedom of choice given to the player is unnatural. You can be a werewolf, a vampire, a mage, a warrior, an archer, a thief, an assassin, a blacksmith, a miner, an alchemist, on top of the dragonslayer and The Chosen One, and most of that you can be at the same time. This schizophrenic development of the character results in a no less chaotic gameplay. You have swords, bows, daggers, maces, spells, magic staffs, magic scrolls, and dragon shouts, all of which you can use as weapons. You meet all sorts of enemies and you're free to deal with them by any means you prefer. There is no special weapon for a giant. You don't really have to use spells against a mage. Moral choices are also a blur. There is no "proper" or "right" way, really, you just do stuff and get stuff happen as a result. It's not a bad thing to use conjuration spells, necromancy is not punishable, poisons are as legal as healing potions, there is no white or black magic. Sometimes it's impossible to understand if you're doing good or bad. I think the only thing that stops freedom from being absolute is the quests. If developers would remove the quest lines as such, turning them into a mass of random tasks you can perform in any sequence, at any time (and preferably at any place with any character), it would make the game a triumph of freedom (and a complete mess). So, Skyrim is a beautiful, ugly, strict, messy, very stupid and very clever game, which everyone should play at least once. On the easy level it is almost casual, no effort is required to deal with the fights. It can be played on a Mac through Crossover, but it is sluggish no matter how low the graphics settings are.]All my fantasies. All at once. The only time I can marry a cat to an iguana and not be jailed for it. 10/10]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]This is a game I'll never delete.]Chopped a butterfly in half with a katana then was  by mudcrabs. 69/10 would waste life again]Can ride a horse through a mountain while fighting a train 10/10]Free mods, giving hours of fun.]Downloaded a dress that I was supposed to pickpocket in order to have it, but I haven't leveled up my skill yet. So I followed the woman until it was night time. Found out where she lived. And after a few tries, I managed to sneak in, kill her in her sleep and steal the dress without getting caught. Love this game! 10/10]Oh dear Skyrim....let me count the ways i so adore you. How many hours have i spent in your open world finding places to explore while on a mission. How many hours have i spent creating items, selling, buying, even stealing in some occasions. You've kept me entertained in so many ways. The combat is sometimes magical and other times sweaty and crude. I've beat you without mods and with and you continue to entice me for more. 10/10...i say no more.]Skyrim. Nuff said. Simply amazing. Also, makes the console version look like a joke.]the male nudity mod has inspired me to put more  in my next book 10/10]Desperately wanted a horse but didn't want to steal it and become hunted, I finally gathered enough money to buy a horse so i did... I named him Charles Me and Charles rode of into the wilderness together, I got hungry so did Charles, It was ME or HIM, It turns out that Charles actually tasted quite good although i was sad to have eaten my best friend, but all is good because if i just bought a new best friend, I shall call him doug... 10/10 would eat my bestie again...]I spent years saying that Mass Effect was the best game I had ever played. Until I played Skyrim. I seriously hope this also continues in the Single Player realm instead of becoming the next WoW with The Elder Scrolls Online. I want an Elder Scrolls VI, VII, VIII, and as many as we can get. Please!]Skyrim is one of those breath taking video games that goes on to become a Legend. The open world gameplay will make the world come alive to you. While you are the main character, not everyone else revolves around you and your character. You will find npc hunting, working their day to day jobs, children running and playing tag, people praying to their gods and much more. But you still can interact with them. which can start new quest's, the option to have a follower and more. The main quest line alone is a piece of art and will keep you busy for a good bit of time. If you really enjoy your social life than this game is not for you. Because once you start; your not likely to stop anytime soon. Good luck on your new adventure hero and Don't forget to check out the mods for this game. There are quest mods to add even more gameplay hours, New weapons, Player homes, new worlds, and Even exploding chickens.]you play as the skyrim, a guy with a beard who is also a magician. you fight lizards from space and then do some drugs. 10/10]I wanna die and be reborn in Skyrim. That's how much I love it.]Adventuring in wilds, i found a giant's camp and assault the giant and for like 6 seconds "i believe i can fly" if you know what i mean]Most likely the best game ever made. 100/100]No more paid mods...]Skyrim "Its like masturbating without lotion, its doable but you get chaffed after awhile." Its a really fun RPG with great action and a good story (They really made the dialogue less attractive than in previous games and the lack of stat points brain ed me). 9.99999999/10]One of the best games I have ever played. 6 times.]Aaaaaand paid mods were removed. Carry on.]One of the greatest games ever made. A+++++]It may seem odd to review a game I have not finished, so take that into account as you read this. I first played the Elder Scrolls series with Morrowind. Back then I thought it was the coolest thing ever. Huge world, tons of monsters and weapons. At the time though I was big into MMOs so I felt very disconnected from the game. Alone. So my time with the game was short, and I never finished the main campaign. When Oblivion came out, I gave it a try, and instantly was reminded of Morrowind and why I lost interest in the game. So I probably played it for only a few hours my first time in. Elder Scrolls games are a fickle thing though... you see screenshots, hear about other people having fun, see Mod updates, and before you know it. BOOM. Right back in you go and you forget why you ever left. My right back in was Skyrim. So much hype, so much graphical goodness. I resisted for a LONG time, then came a Steam Sale and I was in. The game... Wow, so much better. Is it the dragons? Hell yes it is the dragons! I have about 50+ hours on record as I type this, and I go off and on playing the game so as not to get burned out on it. I modded it up as best I could and I think it makes it that much better. Graphics - Just amazing! Even unmodded this game looks stunning. Character models less so than the world itself, but still a great show for the eyes. Sound - I'm no audiophile, but I tend to get drawn in more if the sound is good. This game does not disappoint. Music, voice acting, sound effects, all perfect. The first time I fought a dragon, and it came swooping in and bathed the ground around me in fire, I was amazed at how awesome it sounded (surround sound headset of course!). Do yourself a favor and really crank the volume. Again, I am not finished the game. Will I ever? Who knows, and who cares. I am having fun so that is all that matters. If you are holding off for similar reasons that I was, wait for a sale like I did. But don't deny yourself the experience if you can. It is totally worth it.]The only game that made me go from 9pm to 3am without even noticing.]A Really nice game that you play alone and its very moddable. an rpg with nice story and combat system what more you want? get it now]I modded this game so heavily that it is now basically pornography featuring Thomas the Tank Engine: destroyer of worlds. 13/10 I regret nothing.]its the best RPG game .. <3]I use nexus mods now.]Saved the world as we know it, helped almost everyone in the game, yet can't kill a chicken without an entire town trying to kill you. 10/10, Probably the best game I've ever played.]killed a chicken and entire town came after me 10/10 lydia fell 100 feet and looked dead but when i checked again she got right back up. GOTY 11/10 its like skyrim without guns.]I cant even describe how good this game is. Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 story 10/10 There is so much to do, you wont even know where to start replay value 10/10 over all 10/10 Give it a shot.]This game is the most enjoyful and expensive drug that will ever be created. This game is just amazing! Great game and PC mods make it look amazing and a lot more fun. There is no doubt about this game being Game of the Year following Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. This game is fantastic with its detail and perfected gameplay that puts gaming in RPG's on a whole new level. I am looking forward to the next installment of the Elder Scrolls whenever they can get it out as quickly as possible. However long that may be I will be putting my hours and life into this game as it requires that devotion with all the quests and aspects to understand them. I have played other generations of Elder Scrolls and I have not been disappointed yet. This is a fantastic franchise of games]awesome game, played it alot!]110% of nonstop fun! SOOOO MANY QUESTS! Plus the DLC add even MORE quests! And if you are board of the vanilla quests, or you just compleated them all (highly unlikely) Skyrim is one of the easiest games to mod, workshop and nexis combined! Also, quest mods aren't the only mods out thare. Thare are follower mods, weppon mods, magic mods, and so much more! If you don't alredy have the game, take it from me... GET THE GAME!!! 753 stars out of 5. You will most likely never get board in this game! you can spend a year on the game and still not compleat all of the quests. I hope this helped, and I hope you get this game.]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]awesome game, played it alot!]This game is a triumph of immersion, storytelling, gameplay and craftmanship. Just an exceptional example of a world made to feel real, with nooks and crannies aplenty to explore and discover. I have an insanely short attention span, so putting in ten hours into a game is, for me, rather rare. I have about eighty in Skyrim, and I feel like I'm just getting started.]Skyrim is awesome. Whilst working on a quest you find a note in the world that makes you pursue another quest. This goes on until you no longer remember what your original goal was, that is the beauty of Skyrim and Elder Scrolls. Exploration, rewarding gameplay, choices (you are not given as much freedom in choices as you were in Morrowind, though) and funny  bugs that have always defined Elder Scrolls to me.]top game an epic adventure 10/10]Life? is that new mod? 10/10]This game is a soul trap!]No more paided Mods for people who spent 30 minutes changing up the colours of someone else's assests and charging a full three dollars for it]Who's rapping? Dovahkiin Dragons? I'm not over keen I'll dice them like a knife Slicing right through an aubergine. My dragon shout flow Is sweeter than a SodaStream You won't belive your eyes I'm like an overload of dopamine A broadsword in one hand,and a magic spell in the other. I'm the last of the Dragonborn There's no other,my brother so run for cover. If you've got scales,then I'm on your tail,and I will not fail. Like a free-roaming sandbox game. I'm off the rails,I'll walk the trail,through awful gales,and storms of hail. 'Til all the nails Are knocked into your coffin,I'm not stopping. 'Til you're impaled,and I've prevailed. In the name of the Nords,I pray to the lords. You all get a taste of the blade of my sword. I'm taking on hordes of enemies,I face them with hoards of weaponry. They're draining my force,so chemistry comes into play with retorts and recipes. Alchemixing like a DJ,Restoration,restore my energy. My legacy,odyssey,elegy,prophecy's,written in heavenly bodies,and buried with every body that ever did bother to mess with me deading them terribly,horribly,I'm a celebrity,honestly,you're a wannabe,I'm a prodigy. The suggestion you're better than me at being a warrior? Ha! comedy. It's a gift to me,I don't just spit flames lyrically,but literally,and the Elder Scrolls are scripts,in witch I've written your obituary. I am the Dragonborn,wearing a hat with badass horns. I'm Dovahkiin,known globally,You're nobody at all. =) BY DAN BULL )]With mods I can be a dancing skeleton and marry a dog. All my fantasies in one game. 10/10]110% of nonstop fun! SOOOO MANY QUESTS! Plus the DLC add even MORE quests! And if you are board of the vanilla quests, or you just compleated them all (highly unlikely) Skyrim is one of the easiest games to mod, workshop and nexis combined! Also, quest mods aren't the only mods out thare. Thare are follower mods, weppon mods, magic mods, and so much more! If you don't alredy have the game, take it from me... GET THE GAME!!! 753 stars out of 5. You will most likely never get board in this game! you can spend a year on the game and still not compleat all of the quests. I hope this helped, and I hope you get this game.]This game is pure goodnees.. it will keep you glued to your computer seat day and night, dragons ,swords,old men that live on an ancient mountain the blades,the thieves guild , all these features are just.. awesome.. if you have any little bit of doubt about buying this game you are doing it wrong. I can call this one of my finest purchases ever!]Oh my god, who doesn't think this game is a game of the year? Sure it has it's fair share of glitches but please name one, GREAT, game that doesn't glitch and heck, half the time their quite funny. It's an amazing single-player experience you'll only get once every few years. I started playing it once and could never stop, it's so fun. Over 800 hours in this game i can tell you that this game is a must buy if you don't have it. The only things that could be improved on this is perhaps a co-op mode because who else thinks exploring Tamrial with a friend is awesome? This game is so immense, chocked full of wonderful content. This is a must buy, 10/10]Yeah... it's pretty sweet.]In what other game can you be a werewolf with 6 wives? 10/10]Life, get ready to get ruined. Again.]requested a song in a inn to a musician, and he replied he would play it after the current song. when he finishes his current song, he says "this next one is a favorite of mine" and walked out of the inn like an . i chased him into the streets of solitude and it just so happens that a dragon attacks. the dragon attacked him with frost and killed him. the musician was part of the illuminati he had a triangle the dragon did the right thing i elect dragon high king, people of skyrim do not accept this. population = 7 and a half after massacre for treason dragon was left on the bus turns out the game was actually real life real life is a dream play skyrim next day bliss 10/10 don't ing deny my song requests next time you  or karma will slap your ing backside into the ing earth's crust GOTY]It's ing Skyrim. If you don't have it, buy it. If you don't want to buy it, buy it. Modded the game on my new laptop and played it and mod it and played it.... until the started crashing.... Then i bought an expensive Desktop just so i can play it again. Will Kill one who stops me from playing this game EDIT: Parents are dead now... Cops are at my door... EDIT2: PLAYING SKYRIM IN JAIL!]Having played 90+ hours of Skyrim this past week, I figured that I should write a review on it. First of all, I had to said this is an amazing SandBox+ RPG experience. I am someone who enjoyed doing side quests as well as misc quests as a mean to earn more money. I got to say that till now I had not finish the story as there are so much more to do. I was pleasantly surprised initially when I see people with over 2000~4000+ hours of gameplay time. All I can say is Skyrim had just that much content especially if you include all the DLCS. I mean just building a single house took me more than 2 hours, not to mention the fact that I had to design and decorate my own house. It pretty much a chore that feel great after you are done with it. I am also barely done exploring Skyrim after 90 hours in, the combat are extremely fluid and animated especially when you do a sneak attack. There are many other great elements in Skyrim such as pick-locking which can be extremely frustrating but fun to play around with. I had never been this impressed with a RPG before and I definitely think Skyrim is by far the best I had played so far for this price. I definitely recommend this game to every RPG lovers, you won't ever regret it especially if you enjoyed other RPG such as The Witcher as well as Fable.]You will not understand why everybody says how good this game is, until you will play it. P.S. I'm writing this review after spending 14hours of my Sunday playing it. WARNING : Very Addictive!!!]I met a friendly woman who offered me some food if i went into her house. I took the food she offered and found a secret passage way into a basement where I discovered she was a witch. I took nothing. But when I walked out, she attacked me. I killed her, took everything she owned, walked to the nearest blackmarket and sold everything I could. No more witch I guess.]It's ok.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, one of the most in-depth games you will ever encounter. Many quests and stories to tell, you can instantly conjecture when you are born into the world of Skyrim. In the beginning of the game, you emerge as a captive member held by the imperial army, captive from trying to cross the border of Skyrim. Sitting in the carriage with your fellow captive thieves and bandits, questioning where you are flowing. As youre held captive by the solders in the carriage, being carried over the roads to Helgan. As youre being kicked off the carriage, held in your queues to your beheading, you notice your foes worried about a large scream across the lands of Skyrim. As you place your head on the pedestal, ready for your penalty, the scream becomes stronger. All of the sudden, a dragon appears, landing upon the castle to your left, he speaks in his dragon tongue and destroys Helgan. This is your time to escape, and begin your journey in the world of Skyrim. Who knows what this frozen land has in store for you. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a action role-playing game, allowing you to create and customise your character, join a race and choose how your character handles in dangerous encounters, there is a range of possibilities to role-play in the world of Skyrim. The game is playable in a first person perspective or in a third person perspective, both can be toggled easily by using the scroll wheel. The game encourages you to freely roam the environment, finding dungeons, towns, abstract structures and a range of side-quests to find while following the main quest, this allows the player to freely choose which quests the player can freely choose to conquest. The atmosphere the world of Skyrim creates is outstanding. Viewing this frozen nation in its misfortune is interesting and viewing the world revovle around you. As you progress throughout of the story, you get view different cultures and view how people live in various cities as you progress through the story. You can fully view how people and what people are willing to do to survive the events and the catastrophe of the lands of Skyrim. Viewing the scenery at its best adds to the atmosphere, looking out into the distance and spotting the large mountains standing tall and superior with a hint of snow on the peak, ruins standing, capable of anything, do you dare to enter? Then looking down the plains of land, grass blowing in the wind. The scenery an essential characteristic to the world of Skyrim. Graphically, the game is outstanding, this statement is considered even without graphical modifications. The game has high resolution textures, this being the ultra graphical setting, but if youre feeling curious, you can get even better textures with the free downloadable content that Bethesda Game Studios offer. Adding onto the graphical discussion on The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is something I mentioned earlier, the scenery. The scenery is just breath-taking. If these visuals arent enough for you, the graphical modifications created by the community are phenomenal, I couldnt recommend more that you browse through some videos on YouTube of them, but on the negative side, some are very intensive to your computer unlike the default textures. Talking about the performance of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the game is polished and the performance is outstanding. This is a enormous statement, but the game could almost run perfectly well on any PC. Ive know many people who have ran The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim on a laptop without messing with any graphical settings, running smoothly of course. This truly shows the effort in the development cycle that Bethesda Game Studios has put into the game. On the unfortunate side of this, I wish that the game was supported for multiple operating systems, but alternatives can be found to still play the game on different operating systems. Content; the department that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim does not disappoint. Approximately the game has around 300 + hours of content, this isnt including modifications. If you feel that this isnt enough, you have modifications to add extra quests and various other content, The Elder Scrolls community is talented for creating these outstanding modifications. Now finally, to the conclusion to The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. This game is well worth every single penny, the amount of effort that the developers have established into this game. To you, the reader, I recommend you buy this game, take your time while playing the game to look at the detail this game contains because this game deserves the title along the side of the Elder Scrolls games.]Wow. The only word that I can use to describe this game is "Misleading." I have over 320 hours on this game, and I have yet to even see the Skyrim. I've tried Googling the location of the rim, but to no avail. This game doesn't even have helicopters to use to even get to the rim! Like, wtf Activision? Fix your game. This is the biggest waste of 74 Euros ever. I even installed the Beautiful Males mod because I got tired of looking at Battlefield to get me off, and that doesn't even do it. The  physics are atrocious. No flopping, no particle effects, nothing. Why would you put naked men in the game if it isn't even arousing? I guess the snow is ok, but nowhere near the quality of the snow in that one level of Call of Duty. I can't remember which one, though. Graphics - 2/10 Gameplay - 1/10 (WAAAYYYY better on consoles)  physics - 2/10 (Left too much to the imagination) Snow - 6/10 (I'm being generous with this one) Overall - 10/10 - A fantastic game with an amazing storyline. You can play it fer dayz.]FUN! ITS A GAME WHERE YOU RUN AROUND STEALING THINGS AND THEN RUNNING AWAY ON A STOLEN HORSE. EPIC GAME!!!!]Cool game. Tough you should totally use mods once you're done with the main quest. Also, like oblivion, it feels way simplier than previous installements. You should get it but be aware that if you're a fan of previous games, you should play at higher difficulty levels, since this game is so much easier than previous ones. I'd make a fus roh dah joke, but that shout isn't even the best one so.]If you love RPG type games, you should get this one! While no game is perfect, but Skyrim is almost on a perfect level.]It's inevitable--once you start a Bethesda game, the time invested is going to be high. Time investment is one thing that makes me procrastinate about playing a lot of RPG type games. Instant gratification through those 20 minute MOBA or FPS matches is so much easier. Skyrim is the first Bethesda game where I focused on the main story and skipped 90% of the side missions. Although I did have fun with the campaign, I regret that decision. It's partially because the first play through in these type of games is rarely, if ever, optimal. Unless you obsessively plan ahead, the character you think you might want to play as in the beginning usually takes a sharp detour about half way through the game. That and just learning how all the features, perks, and leveling work usually involves a lot of experimentation that rarely goes as planned. The other part is because the Skyrim's main campaign story wasn't as great as I expected it to be. Now it was indeed a very fine story for sure, although I thought the ending was abrupt and anticlimactic. Based on past experience with Fallout 3 and New Vegas, I had higher hopes of a grand finale and closure. I'm left with a finished campaign with a level 19 character that I didn't really enjoy playing with due to my scatter build. Had I focused on learning the game mechanics, perks, and combat aspects first through side missions and experimentation, I would have figured out a lot sooner that I needed to start fresh which I'm sure would have resulted in a much more enjoyable gaming experience. Skyrim is a worthy experience for those willing to take the time investment plunge. Unfortunately, I wasn't ready to take that plunge. One day, I'm sure I'll be ready because it is certainly a game worth exploring in all its grand detail.]My Thoughts About This Game: This Game Is Just Glorious Upon My Nipples!! :D It Makes My Nipples Burn With Joy, It Gives Me Happiness And Excitement!! I Freaking Love This Game, I've Played Over 500 Hours On It!! ;D This Game Is Just The Flawless Victory Trust Me, Buy It!! :D The Bugs Are Basicly The Only Bad Thing, But They Get Patched Over Time!! :D There Are Mods To This Game Also, They Are The Best Of Almost Everything. :D The Dawnguard DLC Is Just a Glorious DLC. I Love It!! :D The HearthFire DLC Is Good For The Family Man, The One And Only. The DragonBorn DLC Seems Pretty Impressive And Awesome For That Matter. My Grade: 9/10. // Jimi.]Bethesda has done it again with an incredible open world game. Skyrim has become one of my all time favorite games. I still find myself coming back and creating a new character over and over to experience this rich world. Add all the DLC and the vast amounts of great mods, this game is a must have!]Great game, especially for adventurers like myself. It allows you to fully interact with your environment and is incredably fun]Quite honestly, I thought I would regret buying this game again after having 100s of hours in it on Xbox 360. Oddly enough, I didn't. Even after completing everything this game has to offer (which I might add, is a ton), mods give this game a complete new life. Sure, Skyrim isn't the best Elder Scrolls to date, but it's pretty damn good. Even if you've played it on a console system before, it's not the same. This game is a must have for any RPG lover.]10 OUTTA 10 WOULD BANG FKN FANTASY RPG WITH A SWORD! BUT YOU'RE ALSO PART DRAGON!? YELL AT PEOPLE AND KILL THEM WITH YOUR HARSH WORDS! YELL AT THE WORLD TO  WITH IT! GO ON EPIC QUESTS! SWORDS! SPEND LOTS OF TIME RUNNING AROUND LIKE ME, EXPLORING AND AVOIDING THE MAIN PLOT SO YOU CAN HAVE OVER 200 HOURS WITHOUT HAVING COMPLETED IT OR THE WAR ARC! READ BOOKS! TONS OF FANCY SKILLS! ASSASSINATING LOOKS FKN DOPE AS ! MAGIC! BECOME THE BEST AT BASICALLY EVERYTHING IN THE GAME! MULTIPLE HOUSES! MAKE BANK! GET MARRIED (STILL WAITING ON THAT POLYGAMY EXPANSION BETHESDA)! TOOOOOOOOOONS OF MODS LIKE GOD DAAAAAMN! MODS LET YOU KILL THOSE ANNOYING KIDS! AWESOME GRAPHICS! FKN GREAT GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME!]Best game i've ever played ! Bought it cheap, bought it even on ps3 and i'm still playing it !!! Mods...? YES ! Allot of great mods. Almost infinite amount of great, strange, awesome, mystery quests ! Great DLCs that can keep you play skyrim for even MORE ! And more and more... Going to play it right now ! Just buy it ! You can spend your money on this great game ! LOVE IT !]If you're skilled enough, and not a pansy, you can beat a dragon to death with your bare fists. If that didn't convince you, go back to CoD.]The modders that were apart of the paid mods, I don't hate those guys, quite the opposite. Given the opportunity they had i'm afraid I might of done the same, but with a clear conscience? idk. I'd like to see a new modder appreciation usher in and for us to actually be generous with our Hearts and our Wallets. I've learned a lot from this ordeal and personally...i'd feel bad for not Donating after all this. I got a few dollars I was planning on using for a game on sale but..I think i'll live without it. Valve Scraped the paid mods and now I will scrap this negative review and in its place put a deserving positive one. "Be broke or be wealthy, but never accept mediocrity" -From a Fortune Cookie I got.]This is my third review of this game, the second was prompted by the atrocity of locking mods behind a paywall, but as Valve and Bethesda realized the error of their ways, I will upload a new positive review. Core Skyrim, released 11-11-11, was a tremendous addition to the storied Elder Scrolls franchise that I had enjoyed since Daggerfall (which is still installed on my system and which I still play from time to time!). The DLCs were so-so, Hearthfire being my favorite of the three; but the mods and the modding community were what made this the premeir experience in PC gaming. I play Skyrim using 3D glasses and headphones and with the amazing mods like Frostfall, Wet and Cold, Immersive HUD, realistic needs and diseases, and Hunterborn it felt as if I was really there in Skyrim! With my role playing and dead-is-dead playstyle it was truly a magical experience, fulfilling the promise of video games that was only hinted at when I saw Dragon's Lair in the arcade as a child. This game was worth it at full price, and today is a "must own" when you can snag it on sale for 15 bucks or less! I have subscribed to Nexus in the past for mods, and will do so again, usually when I plan on playing Skyrim heavily for a month or more. I will now start to support modders ranging from a few cents to a few dollars depending on the amount I use it and the quality. What Valve, Bethesda and Nexus need to do is sit down and really hammer out a user friendly donation system. I want to be able to donate directly from my Steam Wallet or a Nexus Wallet with a minimal number of clicks. As it stands, it is a hassle to throw a few pennies at a mod and when I am trying to relax after a harrowing day at work, I don't want to fill out a bunch of forms! If Valve, Bethesda and Nexus need to take a tiny slice (5% max) of that donation to offset the cost of that system, I am OK with that. Finally, three and a half years into its lifespan, Bethesda is prepping to announce Fallout 4 and we are going to start the long march to Elder Scrolls 6! What should the future hold? Bethesda needs to think big: the Elder Scrolls Online was a failure not because of what it was, but because of what it wasn't. People want a co-op Skyrim experience not an MMO. Even now, Bethesda could and should realease a no more than 10$ co-op DLC for Skyrim, or at least get the ZeniMax lawyers to stop embargoing modders who have gotten to the prototype stage of development. Imagine traversing the vast lands (and seas!!) of all of Tamriel as the inevitable war between mankind and the Thalmor erupts across the continent and perhaps the entire world of Nirn and beyond! This is where Bethesda needs to get the modding scene right! Bring those who want to do this for a living and parcel out sections of Nirn to them so they can build it to completion as formal, supported and integrated DLC! Imagine a seemless world where you and you good friends can campaign in full virtual reality! We should work to rebuild the community and to fulfill the promise hinted at by Skyrim! - Thank you!]what should i say about Skyrim ? its an awesome game with a huge world. the Story is "OK" but the Side Quests are better then the Main Story. 9/10]Like Skyrim without guns.]I once had a life, now I have skyrim.]Best game i've ever played ! Bought it cheap, bought it even on ps3 and i'm still playing it !!! Mods...? YES ! Allot of great mods. Almost infinite amount of great, strange, awesome, mystery quests ! Great DLCs that can keep you play skyrim for even MORE ! And more and more... Going to play it right now ! Just buy it ! You can spend your money on this great game ! LOVE IT !]When I picked this game up, I thought it was okay. I completed it, and it felt good. But then, one day, I found out that there's more to this game.. I found out that you can marry other people, be a part of a guild and pretty much do ANYTHING. Then, I found out about mods, and oh boy was I happy to see Thomas the tank engine fly in the sky.. Enough words. 10/10 would mod again.]I stole a wooden spoon and got prison for life. 10/10]Great game, made amazing by a great modding community. Though take note the game is no longer supported by it's makers, bugs you find on it mostly have been fixed by the use of modder made patches. I definitly recommend it. If you like games like Fallout and want a Fantasy world version of that game this is the game for you with it's massive modding you can customize theworld to your liking. It has a community so strong it recently crushed greed that could have destroyed it. Get this Elder Scrolls game now and hope the next Elder Scrolls game follows in a similar path. Especially the modding side that has been around since earlier Elder Scrolls games. Forever Free!!]Skyrim is by far the best video game There is so much freedom so much exploring and you can always find something to do in this game. The graphics are incredible which leads to incredible landscape views all the around the world. There is plenty of things to fight, places to go and things to find. There is also hundreds of items in the game . The game is very complex so you may think it is hard to learn but when I played for the first time I got the feel for the game in only days! and most i like the mod especialy the kaboobies ;p I highly recommend this game!]I made porn of this game! 12.5/10]You can scream at people]Nice game, awsome graphics, works fine, some bugs but we can easly fix them with console commands and everything's fine after that, alot of crafting, also Steam Workshop adds alot of cool mods! EDIT: Discovered Nexus 3 weeks ago, lot of cool mods there!]TL;DR end of review. This game: -Has a magnificent story. -Cheats -Awesome Mods (Nexus) -Open World -Do almost anything -And the list goes on. If I had more money, I'd buy 10 more copies of this game for anyone who really needs to play it. In this game you can: -Go Anywhere -Kill anyone -Scream -Get married -Buy a house -Kill dragons -Eat (dragon) souls without being a ginger -Store a thousand item in your inventory -Climb mountains on a horse -Duel with losers ingame -Travel -Explore a wide vareity of places, cities, villages, dungeons and many more -Have a cute lady follow you everywhere and defend you (better with sexy mods). Too long, didn't read (TL;DR) -----Buy this game, don't pirate it.----- -----The developers deserve more than pirated downloads of the game.----- -----This game is totally worth you $20 (or $5 if sales)----- Support the developers, think about it, if you don't buy their amazing games, they may go bankrupt and not make good games like Skyrim, Fallout NV, Dishonored, etc. then we'd get stuck with  EA and Ubisoft. You can't buy anything in this game for real money. It wouldn't rip you off. Spend $20 for this game and play forever instead of buying another overpriced game from another game developing company. Thanks for reading.]A game in which you look for a super old piece of paper, and go to the edge of space. Not much else to say about this.]Skyrim is easily one of the best games of this generation. Its one of the games that you get as much out of as you put in. Its also one of the games you play exactly how you want to play. You can choose to ignore the main story immediately after beginning or play through the quests like a linear action adventure game. Speaking of quests, theres an awful lot of them. Even after playing over 170 hours altogether, I have a plethora of quests on my active quest log, never mind the ones I havent even started yet. So yes, Skyrim is 100% recommended by me.]There are a couple of glitches in the game, some fatal, so you might need to save often, but that is a small price to pay. If your looking for a good game to play, definatly play this one.]Great game love playing this in my spare time, with great mods and character creation and foes within the game. The storyline is vast however completed the campaign in 1 week and the side quests i believe will take months which i will enjoy alot. Thanks to the steam community for Skyrim mods it is great and gives lots of laughs and hours of gameplay. Muskets, new swords and clothes are great to add into the game and my Dragonborn is now fully equipped for battle , taken out Miraak and now building a good armour set however nothing beats the Eleven blades, armour and bows.]Why are you reading this? ITS SKYRIM JUST BUY IT!]No more paid mods 10/10]Changing my review back to a thumbs up. The great split is over. Thank you valve for being honest and admitting you dun goofed and "didnt know what you were doing." Skyrim is a good game, and it's greatness is only reflected in its passionate mod community that has stood for over ten years because of bethesda's mod tools. Perhaps this rough chapter has proven how strong and tight it is in the mod community and how passionate we are about crafting our own fantasy worlds. I am back to recommending the game and I forgive valve and honor their honesty in retracting their mess. The elder scrolls games have always been rather 'meh' in one if not more categories, but there's nothing quite like them in the ability to form your own game because of the countless piles of free content shared by the gamers themselves.]this game is fun with nippel mods (booobies) just turn off display when my mom comes in !!!!!]Seriously if you don't own & love this you need immediate professional help. Consult you're nearest medical centre and get your pulse checked for any sign of life. If you have one, you've probably not played Skyrim.]This game is so addictive, the story telling, the characters, just beautiful. If you got no life, I recommend you to buy this game. 10/10 would waste my time again in it.]Dragon appears in town, All the town guards, follower and I start attacking it, Shout at dragon, Hit guard accidentally with shout, All guards turn on me, Get killed by guards. 10/10]If your friends dont like/love skyrim you should stop being friends with them you dont need that negativity in your life.]I can only say... This is one of the top best games I've ever played. The story is fun and gives a lot of options. Freeroam is massive and full of excitement, quests just add to the fun, and who doesn't like fighting dragons? ING... DRAGONS!!! No matter what you may think of this game, BUY IT.]I used to be a TES fan, but then I took an arrow in the knee.]I spent so many years playing this game - Steam wasn't even logging hours when I first started Skyrim. I love the storylines, the expansions, the user mods, everything. This was probably the most fun I have had in a modern game, and I recommend it to any adventurer like me.]Easily one of my favorite games ever made. Here's some points. -Very detailed work on the many storylines involved in the game. (Not just the main story) -The dragons have an entire language you can learn. -Great modding community. -Shouting at people can kill. -Killing Chickens makes you public enemy #1]I spent most of my time in this game violating basic human rights. Its pretty fun.]Installed a tougher dragons mod and got facerolled while  my greaves and getting called Shirley by the guards who for some inexplicable reason all have had some form of kneecap surgery and always cringe when I walk around from a distance with a bow. 11/10 - would get called Shirley by more guards again.]"The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion" is the greatest game I've played. I don't think I will ever enjoy a game as much again. The euphoric high was that strong, because it was a masterpiece; it took my breath away! "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" deserves to be the next installment of the series and the follow up to such a sublime work of art. It draws on the formula that made Oblivion great, yet uses that formula in it's own unique way, to create a world that you can explore, that is different from the story, the cultures, the customs, and civilizations found in Oblivion's Cyrodiil province. There are a multitude of major and minor quests that guide you in exploring Skyrim. These missions, whether they are mini stories or extended quest lines, intrigue the player into exploring further. Some tales are witty, others tragic, and sometimes they are both. This results in the quest outcomes producing an emotional response, of some form for the player. The quest stories are a great collection of journeys to follow, but the finest moments in this game are probably those that are unscripted. For instance, my party of four was walking on the forest road, passing close to Largashbur (an Orc camp), when a random bear attacked the group. Even my horse got stuck in to the bear. Riften's road patrol guards came to our aid as well. Shortly after that, a civil war enemy faction, who must have been close by, suddenly attacked the guards. Later, a massive fire breathing dragon then swooped down from the skies and he didn't care who he picked on. At some point, I must have gotten too close to Largashbur, which triggered a quest involving a Giant, who then attacks the Orc camp. That in itself is a big battle, but the two scrimmages became one. The chaos was such, I have no idea who was on whose side after that. A second fire breathing Dragon arrived and he was attacking the Giant as well. Other forest creatures, such as Giant Spiders, became opportunists too. This fight went on for an extended period of time, but I remember a moment, seeing my horse, terrified, fleeing through the forest trees, burning, pursued by a flying Dragon. I thought to myself, "you can't script this!" In Oblivion, Drakes were fantastic adversaries, but one thing missing were Dragons. Prior to Skyrim, I had always hoped a sequel to Oblivion would introduce Dragons. Creatures that were much bigger, more powerful, fearsome and majestic looking! Skyrim didn't just deliever, it became the benchmark. They are beyond what I had hoped for. Further to this, the integration of the Greybeards, Dragon Shouts, etc into Skyrim's Dragon lore, both as a storyline and in gameplay, was a great accomplishment in itself as well. The official Hearthfire DLC, was another aspect of Skyrim, that improved on what was a fantatic feature in Oblivion. The standard houses in Skyrim are a little bland, compared to those in Oblivion, but the Hearthfire DLC changed that around. It is a wonderful progression in the Elder Scrolls series. I am however, still wanting more from this aspect of the game. If there is an Elder Scrolls VI, I anticipate they will work on that further. Skyrim is amazing for it's library of mods. I've never seen such a diverse range of mods for a game (which doesn't mean much, for I play very few games). I found some quirks of the standard game irritating, but if I want some aspect of Skyrim changed, there's going to be a mod to resolve it. I conjured Dead Thralls, which would constantly groan and it gets annoying! I searched the Steam Workshop and found a mod to silence the groaning. I found another mod, that allowed me to use ingame character skins, which I could then customize facially to create a unique character I preferred. If you want to play as Barbie, I'm sure there's a mod for that as well. It probably has a "Dreamhouse" (i.e. your house) and Tawny (your horse) integrated too! I did a quick search on google and found this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfPs8KQ7S1Y (OK, OK, this is not a Steam Workshop item, but it's funny!) Skyrim is not a perfect game. It's biggest problem, like Oblivion, is bugs. I guess all those NPCs, various factions, etc are going to glitch out sooner or later. You WILL have problems, that will prevent you from completing quests, etc, which would leave you gutted if they remained unsolved. Skyrim Wiki sites have fixes for all the problems you will encounter. I was easily able to find solutions, to solve all of my bugs when they cropped up. Another issue with Skyrim is keyboard control, probably because it's geared towards consoles. It felt like keyboard control was an afterthought. It's not great, but you get used to it. Oblivion was far superior in this area. As mentioned, Skyrim is a deserving follow up to Oblivion. Graphically, Skyrim is superior, but Oblivion still remains the finest moments I've had in gaming. To follow up with an acceptable package, after creating something so grand, is a very tough ask. They've not only accomplished this, in my opinion, but they have excelled. Once again, I'm blown away by a game. Skyrim does have alot of bugs. Normally for me, that would be a game changer (no punn intended). The positives of Skyrim, completely supress any negatives aspects. Normally, my viewpoint is heavily influenced by negative issues first, rather than positive facets. This speaks volumes about what Skyrim got right! P.S. I am not the one dancing shirtless, at the end of that youtube video; I'm bald!]This game is Masterpiece from the Bethesda. My favourite open world RPG game especially with the amount of mods available. Mod it till it crashes. xD Great game.]Well, Bethesda certainly knows how to go about open-world single-player RPG's after years and years of practice, and this would be the culmination of that effort. Very immersive, fun to play, and hard to walk away from. It's better in just about every regard compared to its predecessor (Oblivion), and a bit more involved than other similar creations (Fallout 3). If you like Medieval Fantasy, you can't not play this game...]First off, Skyrim is a still a great game that sadly suffers from a number of issues. If you have played Oblivion, you probably will be disappointed in the long run with Skyrim because of the gameplay being dumbed in several ways. For example, the spell system is fun with the dual wielding but sadly they toke out the custom spell making and that was always fun as a mage in Oblivion. Combat is dumbed down alot but it is still decent because the Elder scroll games never had the best combat. Many of the qeusts and characters feel lacking in depth but I did expect this as Bethesda isn't the greatest in those aspects of games like this. There are still a few good points in Skyrim, despite the several flaws I've already pointed out. Such as the better support for mods that Bethesda has provided in cooperation with Valve, Workshop is great and the community behind the mods are great as well. These add so much gameplay hours that you can get double the hours if you install some mods, they even made me rebuy the game on PC with the DLC's. DLC's are lacking expect Dragonborn(great expansion). Generally it is way more stable then previous games even though it isn't perfect in this matter Despite the flaws of the game, It still provides a great way to waste hours and one of the finest sandbox RPG's out there. However I recommend Oblivion more then this game because of the fact that it is basically this but then way better IMO.]Hours of playability even before the radiant quests. A nightmare for completionists.]The game is very enjoyable but it has it's problems. The enviroments and the feeling of the world is amazing. This is the strongest part of the game. The rest is sadly very mediocre. The combat is simple and spammy and lacks any serious depth considering it's a rpg. Exploring the world is cool and all but many of the places you'll find are generic tombs that all look the same. The quests are a gamble, some of the questlines are great but some, not so much. The problem is that alot of the quests are mmo like "gather x amount of these items" quests. These kind of quests I feel do not belong in a singleplayer rpg like this. The game also artificially extends the game by having randomly generated repetetive misc - quests. At this point the game got really dull and I stopped playing when there was basiclly only these quests left. Besides all of it's faults though, it is a game worth playing and many do not seem to notice these things since skyrim brought in alot of people who usually do not play rpgs and has not gathered any pre - expectations. The game is overall a pretty dumbed down version from the previous entries in the series which makes me enjoy the game alot less. It is a very easy game and is designed for a more casual crowd then morrowind, oblivion or even the earlier ones. But as I said it is still a fair amount of fun and with an insane amount of mods, you could play this for a long time. I'd like to say though that for all people who love skyrim, you should atleast give TES IV : Oblivion for I feel that some would enjoy that games more deep systems and harder difficulty. Thanks for reading my rather lengthy review, I hope it helped you in your decision for buying the game.]Even after almost 3 years, this game is just great! There is alot to do and to explore, and the modding community has alot of other great things. There are some bugs in the game tough, but im sure there are some fixes for those bugs in the steam workshop or somewhere else on the internet so they can be fixed.]Skyrim truly continuous The Elder Scrolls tradition in epic RPGs. Say farewell to your girlfriends boobs, you'll be busy elsewhere. :D]I ... just ... can't ... imagine how steam was, before I've found this amazing game ! Great storyline, full of surprises, great characters, amazing atmosphere and top of all: it's like a completely fascinating world ! Maybe the only negative thing: it's ADDICTIVE ! So be well prepared when starting this new adventure ^_^ I really don't regret wasting my spare time on it... so yea I know where I'll spend most of my summer holidays.]most entertaining and best looking Elder Scrolls game yet + beautiful, fully-realized fantasy world + great writing and NPC interaction + improved combat mechanics - too easy - like in other ES games, the main plot missions are too repetitive score = 4.5/5]you can steal a bee 10/10]Get some mods, get some weed, play this , be a god.]First off, Skyrim is a still a great game that sadly suffers from a number of issues. If you have played Oblivion, you probably will be disappointed in the long run with Skyrim because of the gameplay being dumbed in several ways. For example, the spell system is fun with the dual wielding but sadly they toke out the custom spell making and that was always fun as a mage in Oblivion. Combat is dumbed down alot but it is still decent because the Elder scroll games never had the best combat. Many of the qeusts and characters feel lacking in depth but I did expect this as Bethesda isn't the greatest in those aspects of games like this. There are still a few good points in Skyrim, despite the several flaws I've already pointed out. Such as the better support for mods that Bethesda has provided in cooperation with Valve, Workshop is great and the community behind the mods are great as well. These add so much gameplay hours that you can get double the hours if you install some mods, they even made me rebuy the game on PC with the DLC's. DLC's are lacking expect Dragonborn(great expansion). Generally it is way more stable then previous games even though it isn't perfect in this matter Despite the flaws of the game, It still provides a great way to waste hours and one of the finest sandbox RPG's out there. However I recommend Oblivion more then this game because of the fact that it is basically this but then way better IMO.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the 5th (duh) game of the great series The Elder Scrolls, released in 11/11/2011 by Bethesda this game is a sucess even today, 4 years later. The events in TESV takes part about 200 years after the events from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion (another great game which is worth playing) and you take role of a legendary hero who is born once after several generations, the Dragonborn . As Dragonborn hold the power to absorb the dragon's soul and permanently kill them, which makes you a very useful weapon in the conflict against them. Dragons are not your only enemies, there are hundreds of different kinds of enemies and lots of different conflits and questlines to be followed at will, you can pick sides or not, you can be nice or bad, you can be a warrior or a stealth assassin. It's all up to you. Pros and Cons: Pros: Huge map;  Huge variety of enemies, quests, equipement (weapons, armors, shields and etc), NPCs and locations;  Super interesting storyline;  Options (you don't have to do what the game wants you to do, you can choose your side, your path, your battles, your friends and enemies);  Virtualy endless game because quests outside the main story are always "respawning";  Several side stories non-related to the main story;  Super active community;  Mods, literally thousands of mods that range from fixing in-game bugs from make TESV a whole new game;  Well made connection with previous TES games;  Highly customizable and has tons of graphics mods to make the game super realistic;  Sometimes bugs are fun;  DLC content is actually good and add some very nice content. Cons: Bugs, lots of them, since launch (although most of them can be fixed with the unofficial patches );  Can get very repetitive after you finish the main story and finish all the side quests;  Relatively demanding for a 2011 game (some newer and prettier games uses less PC resources). This game is great, it's one of my favourites and even today I still love to start brand new saves and play it over. The only big con here is the fact that the game is very buggy, but the community did a great job fixing literally thousands of bugs since the launch, even today the unofficial patches are updated as new bugs are found. The game has two large DLC, Dragonborn and Dawnguard, both are just as great as the game itself and are fully worth. I recommend this game to anyone who loves a good RPG.]Pluck flowers, check. Kill chickens, check. Shout enemies to death, check. Face surgery, check. Whats there not to like about this game?]I don't think any game can ever replace the feeling I get while playing this. Amazing is not simply the word that describes Skyrim.]Before writing this review I must admit I'm a bit biased, I'm a huge TES fan. Although a general tendency can be noted in which the TES games became a lot easier and more generalized, Skyrim still is Awesome! Even without mods Skyrim is very entertainable and I love the different enviroments you encounter, especially on the more eastern part of the map with all the huge height differences! Just love that place. The game just rocks it by the thousands of awesome mods available, definitly one of the best games around for me :).]extremely deep game with an amazing modding community, only draw backs are a simplistic leveling system and a combat system that could use a good amount of tweaking.]The newest release of the Elder Scrolls' series, Skyrim brings excellent graphics and polished gameplay to the forefront of this wonderful new RPG release. Like all of Bethesda's giant, open-world RPGs there are plenty of bugs to wade through (and have fun with!) and you'll definitely sink way too many hours into this game. It's fun on a whole new level - Bethesda is the best at this type of game and they've done an unparalleled job once again. Pros: Good Gameplay Beautiful Graphics Enormous World to Explore Mod Support Immersive Cons: Still Not as Good as Morrowind Was If you like Bethesda RPGs, have enjoyed any of the previous Elder Scrolls' games, or just love fantasy, pick up Skyrim - you'll love it. The immersion is top-notch and you'll wander the endless mountains of the beautiful countryside for hours on end, truly believing you are the Dovakiin. I still preferred Morrowind more; however, the graphics and beauty of this game cannot be beat by any of its competitors. A+]most entertaining and best looking Elder Scrolls game yet + beautiful, fully-realized fantasy world + great writing and NPC interaction + improved combat mechanics - too easy - like in other ES games, the main plot missions are too repetitive score = 4.5/5]you can steal a bee 10/10]Get some mods, get some weed, play this , be a god.]Pluck flowers, check. Kill chickens, check. Shout enemies to death, check. Face surgery, check. Whats there not to like about this game?]Open world rpg with toons of mods that makes game even grater that it is. 10/10]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the 5th (duh) game of the great series The Elder Scrolls, released in 11/11/2011 by Bethesda this game is a sucess even today, 4 years later. The events in TESV takes part about 200 years after the events from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion (another great game which is worth playing) and you take role of a legendary hero who is born once after several generations, the Dragonborn . As Dragonborn hold the power to absorb the dragon's soul and permanently kill them, which makes you a very useful weapon in the conflict against them. Dragons are not your only enemies, there are hundreds of different kinds of enemies and lots of different conflits and questlines to be followed at will, you can pick sides or not, you can be nice or bad, you can be a warrior or a stealth assassin. It's all up to you. Pros and Cons: Pros: Huge map;  Huge variety of enemies, quests, equipement (weapons, armors, shields and etc), NPCs and locations;  Super interesting storyline;  Options (you don't have to do what the game wants you to do, you can choose your side, your path, your battles, your friends and enemies);  Virtualy endless game because quests outside the main story are always "respawning";  Several side stories non-related to the main story;  Super active community;  Mods, literally thousands of mods that range from fixing in-game bugs from make TESV a whole new game;  Well made connection with previous TES games;  Highly customizable and has tons of graphics mods to make the game super realistic;  Sometimes bugs are fun;  DLC content is actually good and add some very nice content. Cons: Bugs, lots of them, since launch (although most of them can be fixed with the unofficial patches );  Can get very repetitive after you finish the main story and finish all the side quests;  Relatively demanding for a 2011 game (some newer and prettier games uses less PC resources). This game is great, it's one of my favourites and even today I still love to start brand new saves and play it over. The only big con here is the fact that the game is very buggy, but the community did a great job fixing literally thousands of bugs since the launch, even today the unofficial patches are updated as new bugs are found. The game has two large DLC, Dragonborn and Dawnguard, both are just as great as the game itself and are fully worth. I recommend this game to anyone who loves a good RPG.]One of the most beautiful open world RPG I have ever played, the music, the enviroment, the characters, everything is awesome! The only bad thing is that the game is too good and addictive.]() My laptop is not so good that I need to run this game in low graphic. However, the low graphic is no matter in front of the great glamour of this game(both the story and the landscape of Skyrim). Fortunately, this version includes the Chinese(language), which can help Chinese players enjoy their adventures in Skyrim~ The story is substantial so that it ensure a long time playing.(not like some games, have big maps but lack of playability). There are also lots of interesting optional missions :D All in all, TES V: Skyrim is the best game of this series. It's really worth that price.]Even after almost 3 years, this game is just great! There is alot to do and to explore, and the modding community has alot of other great things. There are some bugs in the game tough, but im sure there are some fixes for those bugs in the steam workshop or somewhere else on the internet so they can be fixed.]Buy this game and let it consume your life, forget friends, food, toilet ect., play this game and/or DIE!]I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee. 100/100]You may already know this, but back then ... I gave Skyrim a negative review simply because of the crashes / glitches / issues that came up while playing Skyrim. Although that is still an issue, I felt personally- my review was unfair to such a masterpiece of a game (that, and now i've managed to make Skyrim far more stable) so here I am ... making a new one entirely for Skyrim. To call this game a prime example of how to do Open World RPGs is an understatement. Everything going for it is just brilliant and thought out from lore, to the graphics, to the combat being improved dramatically over Oblivion's .. I simply feel this game is a Legendary edition to the gaming industry as a whole. I mean, it came out Septermber 11th, 2011 ... and still holds strong to this day. The amount of mods produced for this game is beyond measure and for good reason. You will never finish Skyrim or grow bored of it. Just the vanilla concepts can keep you going for 400+ hours and over without a problem. Even if you've finished the main quest, guild quests, Daedric quests, and so forth .. there is always something new to do or something to occupy yourself with. Now include mods of whatever you can imagine and now Skyrim has improved two hundred precent. Like seriously, mods can make a difference in how you have fun with Skyrim ... I certainly have experienced it first hand. What I love about Skyrim overall is the fact you aren't limited in what you want to be / do with yourself. Any race, any build, any path you want- go right ahead. Want to be a Khajiit Monk whom punches bandits into submission? You can! Want to be an Orc alchemist who can run at insane speeds thanks to her potions? You can! Want to be a Nord who sides with Ulfric, takes down the Empire's welcome in Skyrim, enslave people through necromancy (aka thralls) and be entirely evil with no good will to spare? You can! No one's stopping you and Skyrim is all about freedom of choice. The perk trees are balanced, the game has so much for you to do outside of combat that it can be a Sims simulator if you think about it. NPCs have so much to say, there's marriage + adoption (though without mods to improve those, they're kinda meh) while again you will never grow bored of Skyrim. This game is so important to the community that when Valve tried having authors sell their mods, we caused a movement called "Forever Free". That's quite an impact Skyrim made on us especially since it's been out for a few years. I cannot recommend this game enough. Heck it's DLCs are so full of content that it just adds hundreds of more hours onto your plate, even after the main quest for said DLC is taken cared of. You'll never discover everything, and there's so much to do in a game like Skyrim. Apart from the crashes / glitches and issues, it's a 9 out of 10 game for me.]Best Mod Installing Simulator 2015 9/11]Greatest game i ever played , had all the features i wanted in a game , seems like it was made for me , huge map , many caves/castles need to be explored , many people need to be saved , homes to be stolen ... , horses to buy , houses to purchase and upgrade , women to marry , weapons to buy/sell/upgrade , skills to be earned , sweet rolls to be eaten , and knees to get shot , 3 simple words , get-the-game.]Greatest game i ever played , had all the features i wanted in a game , seems like it was made for me , huge map , many caves/castles need to be explored , many people need to be saved , homes to be stolen ... , horses to buy , houses to purchase and upgrade , women to marry , weapons to buy/sell/upgrade , skills to be earned , sweet rolls to be eaten , and knees to get shot , 3 simple words , get-the-game.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the fifth edition of the popular series of role-playing game. This time the story revolves around the return to the land of the ancient race of dragons and assign us to play the role of one of the last dragon hunters. The game starts with the creation of our virtual hero. You can choose from ten diverse races, whereas there is no division into classes. With advances in play, our character becomes more powerful. When you go to the next level, you can independently increase one of the three basic characteristics: magic, strength and health. Skill system has been divided into clear groups, for example: one-handed weapons or two-handed. Each of these categories contains specific abilities and attacks. There is a new combat system that is more dynamic and also requires tactical thinking. Each hand hero can now assign a weapon, shield or spell. Skyrim offers the opportunity to explore a huge virtual world, which contains, five major cities and hundreds of the underworld. In order to facilitate getting around such a large area the authors have introduced the option of traveling between locations. We can also modify our game through various add-ons created by the community. To summarize the game has quite an interesting story, it is well optimized, has a very good soundtrack and a huge world to explore. During the game, I spent many wonderful hours exploring the provinces of Skyrim. My final rating is 9/10.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of those games that ultimately grants you the freedom to do the things that you can only do in your imaginative mind. For example, you can kill people in bars, villages, castles, stands, anytime you want, however you want. Killing by doing a finishing touch is my favorite part of the game. You can have a pet, wife, build a house and do a lot of varied things. Though what makes this game better is the mods, you can do tons of things with it and do a lot of hilarious crap, stunts, sex, movie scenes and other crazy stuff. This game just never ends and there's always things to do even if you don't want to do quests. Dragons, monsters, spirits, horses, women, potatoes, and stealing things craftily are all huge features in the game. Now, finally, don't be like me who waited to buy this game on sale and not pay the full price of it. Because it is definitely worth your money!]You yell at people and sometimes a dragon comes to make you stop yelling at people so much.]I stole the cup and all villagers tried to catch me. Love this game. 25/10]Honestly, what can't be said about Skyrim that hasn't been said already? The game is everything you want out of the series minus all the garbage clogging up the previous games. Its beautiful looking, even moreso in motion, has fantastic modding support, and can sustain you for a very very very long time. To top it all off, the game goes on sale for super cheap, making this one of the easiest recommendations I can make. Buy this game and mod it to hell and back.]Amazing game that I know I will loose hours of my life to like all Bethesda Games. Buy it if you plan on loosing all social life for weeks 10/10]Arguably one of the best games of all time.]It's a good game now they removed paid mods]It's like Skyrim, but with mods.]Years spent developing The Elder Scrolls V, after IV Oblivion in 2006 and the work put into Skyrim is evident. Released in 2011, we are no longer able to call Skyrim an up-to-date game yet it still tricks you in that sense with its breathtaking graphics, of which make the world around you feel beautiful whilst still portraying the hard, gritty coldness of the snowy nordic homeland. The main quest starts with you as a prisoner (again) in the middle of a civil war between the Imperials who had gained control of Skyrim and allowed everyone to live there, and the Stormcloaks who are nordic rebels led by Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak, who seem to only want Nords in Skyrim. On the verge of execution you find the dragons have returned and after having narrowly escaped with your life you set out to defeat the dragons, finding out you are Dovahkiin, dragonborn. On top of this main quest there are quadrillions of side missions, all of which add fresh varieties to your time in Skyrim and allow you discover more locations in the world around you; you can fight the great war with either the Imperials or the Stormcloaks, you can join the Dark Brotherhood and assassinate the Emperor, you can join the college of Winterhold and aspire to become Arch-Mage. The freedom in Skyrim is incredible and the developers have made it so that all the decisions you make on your free roaming have an affect on your gameplay and quests, take a pilgrimage to the different temples, visit all 9 holds, join the thieves guild in Riften, explore hidden caves and burial sites, hunt down daedra, the world is in your hands. Then when you have done adventuring for the day, buy a house in one of the major cities and sit down to read one of Skyrims hundreds of detailed books, all giving you more information about the Elder Scrolls lore and some helping you level up or start a new quest. In conclusion, I love the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and recommend it to everyone, it is a fantastic game which will allow you hours of enjoyment and whilst it has nice graphics and good gameplay, actually is not very demanding in spec. My Skyrim rating: 10/10 Buy it!]Damn I love this game, and the mods!! theres just so much to do.......15/10]Play Skyrim......create YOUR Skyrim...live the fantasy,]Great game, but a little easy. You need to play at the legendary difficulty.]... words can't express the beauty and complexity of Skyrim. So many options, so many mods, so much that it has to offer ... it's just the perfect game, and for me definitely the best game of 2011. Bethesda has done it again, I just hope I will not get lost in the lands of Skyrim. 10/10][I still thumbs up for the game, there's nothing wrong about Skyrim. But the workshop system is totally disaster.] ***Read below for updated details*** ----------Old Review---------- Beautilful, Unique, and Charming... Skyrim provides better experience of this RPG open-world series. Beside the main quest and radiant sidequest which can surprise you in different events. Pretty genuis scripts and storyline lead you to new places, new conflicts, and dragons as random encounter. The level system is not new, but it has improvement and design. Places are full of mysteries, activites, and NPCs, lifefull indeed. Smithing and enchanting are deep and impact to your combat as magics and shouts are balanced and provide new tactics. I could say I'm in love with this fifth series. Even some people may face with minor bugs (For me, it just minor graphic bugs now.) Inventory system is hard to track (Fix by using Skyrim UI Mod) and problem in AI direction. All I say it just common thing in this kind of game which cant interrupt you from amazing experience. Totally worthy in every dollar/baht you paid. Whatever you are fan of series or not. Try once in your owned. :) ----------Updated 26/4/2015---------- Valve and Bethesda just apply pay for mod to support the modders. However, the execution is terrible. There's no guarantee that your paid mod will run without conflict or its update can break your game or not and you actually dont have time to check the error within 24 hrs before you decide to refund. What if the modder abandones current mod? Where 75% of Valve/Bethesda share is going? The modder dont get paid until you've sold $400 from based mod (Read carefully about payout and earn). Why Valve dont implement optional donation? Becuase it's illegal to cut from donation and Valve is guarunteed for money? There are many ways to support modder beside using cash. The steam workshop is used to be share of free stuff and mod with tight community. Now, it becomes to microtransaction-like workshop. It doesn't mean that hard-working modders shouldn't deserve money as support, but the current rules and implementation are totally wrong and create misunderstanding of mods. For now, the game is still a great RPG, but I can't recommend to Steam workshop. Think harder Valve/Bethesda. I'm seriously worry about the future of modding where your next generation have to pay for mod/add-ons even the game quick fix if the system still continue and become market standard. ----------Updated 28/4/2015---------- Valve and Bethesda decided to remove payment feature from Skyrim workshop. I'm really appreciated for your decision and thank you for listening our feedback not to go worse. There're many other ways to support modder and I'm looking for your new implementation.]>open world >can be a sexy anthro lizard man >pretty armor >lots of quests >black people >dragons >workshop >gr8 mods m7 >two separate campaigns (stop the dragons, and the imperial vs stormcloaks war) >good graphics >lots of spells >can cheat and still get achievements >you can speak Dragon]5/5 Game begins again as Prisoner, Bethesda likes dem prisoners https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7IDteDPW5g]This game is huge... maybe even too huge for its own good. Even after 300 hours of gameplay there are things you don't know about and will surprise you. But sadly by that time you will feel a bit bored with combat and some other repeating things. No worries though. With workshop and all the mods you can make Skyrim 10 times better game. If that's even possible because it already is an ultimate game cosidered to be one of the best of all time.]MAKE EVERYONE NAKED IN SKYRIM....lewd/10 #bestpantsu ;w;7 #imworriedaboutmyself -very much worth it. There is so much to see, do and eat :D, along with endless hours (no really those hours go on and on dam it) of exploring, killing and um...dying. \(^_^)/ - JUST BUY THE GAME OKAY, TAKE THE ARROW IN THE KNEE FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE AND TRY SOMETHING NEW, BE A MAN AND KILL CHICKENS....gawsh... (ToT)/~]I beat my wife while abusing the immortality glitch and got my one handed skill to 100 10/10 would beat wife again]Believe me ,there's no need for a detalied review about this game." Best game I've ever played " is more than enough. Got this game on PS3, on X360 and now on PC. Still didn't have enough of it.]Best walking simluator out there.]I thought after Oblivion that no other game would me enchant so hard... you know what? I was so wrong! Skyrim is a must play for all sort of gamer!]Better then sex! With the DLC's you will have a great game with a great story. Modding the game is easy if you know how. i am totally getting sucked into the game when i am playing it, and having a hard time when i am not playing it]Probably one of my top 5 favorite games ever. The story line itself wasn't really that interesting to me and I had to force myself to complete it after a couple hundred hours, but everything else about the game makes up for it. The leveling system was wierd to me at first, but I found ways to grind to level up, being able to make things legendary helps too. The NPC's are boring/annoying after a while..Just kill them, and stuff all the bloody rags you find into Nazeems urn.]This game is just AWESOME! Open world, Lot of story main and background, big skill tree, very goog mechanics If you like Fantasy like LOTR or GOT you will like it... Also you can mod it so it is even better. Sometimes some bugs happen but you can fix it (console commands,workshop or nature way) After all that this is one of the best games ever made :)]I love going around Whiterun being called the Companions' mead-fetcher when I'm the Dragonborn and am currently the Harbinger of said guild]TL;DR Read Bottom Conclusion ;) The Elder Scrolls: Arena astonished gamers everywhere when it was released on the old DOS system quite a few years back. It is today, and likely will remain, the biggest game world ever concieved, and with an ever growing series it continues to get even bigger. And when TESII: Daggerfall hit stores, it introduced an entire new line of RPG, housing a rebalanced skill system, reputaion and faction systems, and much more. And not many could have predicted the arrival of TESIII: Morrowind, which brought a whole new batch of ideas into play. TESIV: Oblivion took off from Morrowind with a different setting and characters, more polished combat, and more immersion. Then TESV: Skyrim was released, after many years of development. After that, the entire world of gaming changed. It employed all of the previous games' lore, gameplay, and systems, but then removed alot of the restrictions it contained. It took ideas from other landmarks in gaming history such as profitable dungeon delving, crafting, house owning and buisness running, marriage, adoption, assassination, the "no witnesses" idea, duel weild combat, and so much more. "Freedom" became a whole new word in gaming vocabulary. Become a werewolf, slay dragons, assassinate polititians, murder housewives, rob robbers, slay giants, everything you could have asked for in a Dungeons and Dragons tabletop RPG, on screen with nothing but consequences to hold you back! Not a violent type? Become a travelling trader who consorts with bards and other caravans. A mage? Join the College of Winterhold and contact the Sigic Order. Ranger? (My personal favorite) Camp out in the forest and hunt animals and alchemy ingridients. Thief? Join the Thieves Guild for jobs. And so much more including Vampire Hunting, a part of the beastly Companions faction, be an Assassin, save the world from ex-extinct dragons, eat a full fledged meal, get the girl and be home in time for sweet rolls! Listen to me ramble on, the best way to describe this game is to list every ing thing this game has to offer and hope to not bore your reader. If you're still reading this, you've either already bought the game and are bored and so you look for good reveiws, you're an idiot who after reading many, many reveiws STILL hasnt found the incentive to buy this game, or you're a concerned parent who is looking for reasons to restrict their child from playing it. And then there's mods. I myself thought that I would never mod this game. Boy was I wrong. I've never had this much fun playing Skyrim till I modded it, though my advise is to keep it lore-friendly ;) Conclusion I'm not much of the reveiwing type, but being a writer I figured I'd at least throw a good one out there to express my love for this game. The music, the immersion, the storyline, the freedom, it makes a game that no other could ever match. I played this for countless hours on the 360 console, and I'm glad I got it on PC too. MY ADVICE: DONT GET THIS DIRECTLY FROM STEAM. Buy a physical copy of The Elder Scrolls Anthology. It's the cheapest, plus you get all 5 games (save for Redguard and Battlespire), all DLC for all games, and five printed maps. Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim can be redeemed on Steam with a packaged code. That's what I did, and I do not regret it. Get the game, download Nexus Mod Manager to make modding easier, plus steam also has a workshop for it. Become anything, become all. Fus Ro Dah, Dovahkiin. http://youtu.be/rjTOF8IC528]Do Come Back...]I beat my wife while abusing the immortality glitch and got my one handed skill to 100 10/10 would beat wife again]Best game I've played with the best memories.]Without mod : 8.5/10 With full mod : 10/10]this game sucks on computer the loading screen goes by so fast i cant read the lore on them 4/10 "pretty k"]Best game from Bethesda Game Studios ...]Greatest RPG of all time! great story, very addictive, and Lots of stuff to do. Truly a masterpiece]i played it it was good when parthunux kill (speilrs) no chicken no make sword with lydia women no 9 out 10]Hey, remember when RPGs were good? Well, it's not a good RPG, but it's a good (maybe the best) modding platform ever made. Plus, there are tons of content and a decent setting with MEMES. You may not like it, but Skyrim has it's northern charms. Even if those charms look like murderous draugrs wanting to kill you on the spot. Review update due to recent events. Well, it's too bad this mod-friendly-platform-feature was exploited. Guess I never saw it coming.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a beautiful, fantastic game that every gamer should own. 10/10 :)]Such magic, much dragon 11/10]i killed a chicken then i gone to prison Best Game 11/10 :)]This has been one of my favorite games of all time, the depth of exploration and the game play have been unmatched by anything else I have played.]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]its like fallout with swords 10/10]shot a wolf off a cliff and it landed on a imperial soldier and killed him. then i got a 2000 gold bounty in whiterun. so i went to whiterun and took it over. 4000000000000000/10 -ign]This game is best played shirtless with a giant flagon of mead in hand.]I punched a mammoth in the butt 10/10]Skyrim Review Story Skyrim is set after the events of Oblivion. The game itself takes place in Skyrim's land. A civil war between Stormcloak and the Imperial Legion. The Story Begins With The Jailed Guy, Who Escaped And Take A Journy To Nearby Riverwood. The Guy Gone To A Fight With A Dragon With Whiterun's Guards, After They Killed It, The Played (Guy) Absorbed The Dragon's Blood, Because He Has The Ability To Absorb Blood, Guards Got Shocked By That Absorption; The Player ( Guy) Is The Dragonborn; The History Of Dragons And More. Gameplay The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing game, Can Be playable Either a first or third-person, But Mainly First-Person. Skyrim's Genre RPG, Action and Adventure, But Maily RPG. It's Pretty Rare To See An Impressed Griping RPG. Skryim is not a normal RPG nor Action, It's an exceptional pretty rare to see RPG and Action. The Game Itself will have been taken from you more than 100 hours, I already have reached to "Almost" 100 Hour and atleast haven't reached at 45%. It's So So So Big Game that Nobody can expect its lengh (Expect for the main story its short), Speakin' generally 350 hour means 60% of the game Pretty Sure, Last Word "Time Killer". Graphics Story AWESOME, Gameplay is better than the story and Graphics is the head of Skyrim or skyrim's skill. Why The Graphics is the best of Skyrim? Beautiful environment, Beautiful shadow effects, The Appropriate Atmosphere specially in a combat. everything you have seen in Uncharted 1, 2 and 3 you'll find better than Uncharted's environment. Head Of Graphics.. Bethesda labeled correctely. Not Incorrectely. Even in low feels pretty good feels in high comparing it to some. "MASTERPIECE". Sounds Skyrim's Sounds is the opposite of reality which means "imagination" That Really didn't work!! Hit The Floor Feels Shredding Cotton Or Wool, Mostly Every Single Sound Feels Shredding; Not neat. That is the first negative in the game. Doesn't feel happy or something feels BAD. Hit A Person Feels An Electronic thing has blow away. All I Can Say Good But Still Very Very Veryx10 Not Neat. Music FUS RO DAH. Fighting A Dragon A Track Plays To Change Your Reaction Effects Into Excited. When Bored In Playing A Track Plays To Change Your Boredom Effects. Absorbing A Dragon Soul Makes Civilians Shocked And The Player Too; From The Awesome Happiness. Every Track Can Change Your Affects And Makes You Wonder Why Singers Wouldn't Make Those Emotional Tracks?; Skyrim's Tracks. Pretty Rare To See, Pretty Rare To Find, Pretty Rare To Effect Your Emotional Feeling, Pretty Rare To Find Better, Pretty Rare To Everything You Could Ever Feel Free To Ask For. The Verdict The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Took Game Of The Year Before, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Took Game Of The Year 2011. For Me, It's Prettyx10 Rare To Give A Game A 10 Out Of 10, Sence All The Games that I Have Been Playing It, Skyrim Is The Best RPG Game I Have Ever Played. Fallout 3 Took A 10 Out Of 10, In My Personal Opinion Just 3 Game Took A 10 Out Of 10. In Every RPG Game I Don't Spend More Than 50 Hours. I Just Have Spend My More Than 50 Hours In Borderlands 2 And Skyrim, The Best Three RPG Games Of My Entire Are: Final Fantasy 7, Fallout 3 and Borderlands 2 But Skyrim Is Very Very Very Away Better Than All Of Them. Skyrim Is A Brilliant Game And "Time Killer Or Waster". Skyrim Is One Of The Very Best Games Of The Entire History. You'll Never Forget The Experience And Everything. The Best Method Of Modifying Describing And Visualizing It Is PLAY IT. Story: 9.5/10 Gameplay: 9.5/10 Graphics: 9.5/10 Sounds: 7/10 Music: 10/10 + Positives Side Missions Can Make A Big Story+Awesome Leveling Up System+Great Story+350 Hours Means 60% Of The Game; So Big Game+Training A Skill Can Cause Alot Of Time+Music Matters In The Gameplay Reaction+Nobody Can Find Better Than This RPG Game (Just RPG)+Gives You The Freedom To Explore+War Battles Are Pretty Fun+Awesome Dragons Combat - Negatives -Still Bugy And Glitch-You Might Get stick In A Spot-Not Neat Sounds-Pretty Easy To Cheat-Isn't Easy To Learn For Some People Skyrim, The Best You'll Find, MUST-PLAY! If You Hate RPG Games So This Will Change Your Opinion, And If You Love So You Are Missing Something Pretty Awesome. Either Play It Or Regret That You Haven't Played It. Last Word In My Review: JUST PLAY IT!!! 9.2/10 Amazing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSRtYpNRoN0 Recommended Price: $29.99 Games Are Similar To It: -Fallout 3 And New Vegas -Bioshock (In The Hand Of Magic) -The Witcher -Far Cry 3]Best game ever played]After 750+ hours invested and many more to go. The Elder Scrolls Skyrim, the one game that time itself was lost to in is immersive world and storyline is a great game. However, while Skyrim is great, its story at times is generic when compared to the grand storytelling of Bioware's Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and CD Project's Red Witcher. The characters while great are few to remember as the voice actors and actressess are reused on multiple characters with little to no difference in voice. For example Balgruf the Jarl of Whiterun's voice actor is the same voice actor for Hadvar's uncle. After 200+ hours this becomes quite noticable but does not entirely take away from the game. The world is huge and deep in quests. In my 750+ hours, many will ask me what I've accomplished I will say little in comparison to what Skyrim and the modding community has to offer. The men and women both young and old are owed as great deal of gratiitude due to the content that have added countless upon countless hours of content to Skyrim. When asked by the everyday gamer, which version of Skyrim should I get pc or console. 9.8 out of 10 gamers will say PC for the mods alone, this speaks greatly of the modders impact to the Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. Skyrim has been out for 3 years now and I feel is is getting only better with each mod released. In my experience, I've had invested 400+ hours in Skyrim on the Xbox 360 and switched to the PC some time ago with the additonal 750+ on PC. Within those hours, 300 to 400 hours went into testing mods and with each new week of mods releasing I still find myself going for more. Both Skyrim Nexus and Skyrim Workshop are great places to look for mods. Granted for new modders out there, it is quite known in the Skyrim community that while the mods offered are great on Skyrim Nexus, there are dark corners of the site where mods of various types are avaliable but this is in no way disrepecting the modders of those mods but making it known of the existence of them. Steam Workshop is more safe, but even then a few mods from Nexus will show up but only as safe for work. In short, if looking for mods to add to your Skyrim I suggest staying in the safe for work/safe for home areas on Skyrim Nexus and even Skyrim Workshop. If feeling abit more for a mature take on Skyrim then the dark corners of Skyrim Nexus may work, but something I myself would not recommend. In conclusion, when Skyrim is not modded it recieves a 9.45 out of 10. When modded a 9.9 out of 10. A perfect 10 would be there if not for a few glitches here and there that can sometimes be game breaking to the point of starting a new playthrough.]It starts as an epic fantasy game and ends as a file organizing and landscaping simulator.]One of the best games of all time. If you don't already own it, what is wrong with you?]Lesson iv learnt while modding skyrim is: If your computer can play Skyrim without a struggle you don't have enough mods installed 10/10]yeah it's alright]Gr8 b8 m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8., I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 88888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8. 8/8]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim: -Field Rating 9 -Graphics 9 About Graphics: -Skyrim is a beautiful game, made even more beautiful by the extremely active modding community. The engine was a wonderful leap from the previous engine we saw in Oblivion and the Fallout series. The details in the environments are wonderful reminders of just how intricate the world really is. -Gameplay 9 About Gameplay: -Skyrim lives up to its Elder Scrolls name, granting us the freedom to craft our own story, in a gigantic world where you can spend hours simply exploring. The combat has seen a huge improvement since the days of Oblivion, with the ability to dual-wield chaning up gameplay styles wonderfully. The physics however, are still as wonky as ever. Sometimes with hilarious results. You won't get tired of wandering around this world. -Story 9 About Story: Enough interest to drive you forward, and plenty of lore to keep you distracted, Skyrim finds the wonderful balance of permeating the world with the story, yet giving you the freedom to advance the plot when you wish. Multiplayer: No Depressingly: no. Replay-ability: 9 -The only thing that will stop you from coming back to Skyrim for awhile is completely burning yourself out. But then the cycle repeats. Overall 9/10 -Being a long time Elder Scrolls fan, Skyrim was a welcome breath after the much loved, much played Oblivion. The freedom, the scope, and the environment are great. The graphics are beautiful. Though none of the Elder Scrolls since Morrowind have yet captured the full extent of the magic that made Morrowind so great, Skyrim has been a huge push in the right direction. A must buy for any RPG or open-world gaming fan.]Im gonna be fast on this one: Nice]if u lik gaem wit dargon and macgic and stuf then u will lik this gaem bcuz it has dargons that r rely gud and u can eat potins and u can be assin lik rel gud and stuf and you still a dargon bron.]One of the greatest games I'll ever play. Has a mod for practically everything. From killing children, to bouncing boobs, and to better graphics.]Skyrim is one of the most fun games i have play and still are. I keep coming back to this game cause of how awesome it is. I would recommend this game to anyone and if you get it get the legendary editon.]You can use the Slow Time shout as someone is about to sit down, and then move their chair before they sit. 10/10]I haven't even started the game yet because the title screen music is so glorious.]Very nice game, lots of shinny things too touch 10/10]mod it, until it crashes]I tend to be wordy in reviews, trying to outline my thoughts, be fair and also objective. This will be no exception. Bear with me. I come into RPG a total noob and what I decree here might, for some, prove my noobness. Most probably in fact. As a staunch strategy/sim gamer of many years, RPG never really interested me so my adventure into Skyrim came as quite a surprise. In my view, despite it's "used by date" having well and truly expired, Skyrim deserves some very serious accolades. At nearly 100 hours played, I'm still coming to grips that I can play this almost like a sandbox (with the Hearthfire DLC) and just be a simple "villager" who relies on hunting, gathering or even small levels of agriculture to sustain myself. Or I can be a hero. As I write, my level 16 char (it's my 3rd start OK!) slays dragons, gargoyles and vampires. He can shout an army of sword wielding skeletons into piles of bones. I can wander willy-nilly, all over the map, mixing it up with bears, wolves and sabre-tooth tigers. There is so, so much to do and see that without the "fast-travel" option or a good horse it would take hundreds of hours just to explore the map. I'm intrigued by the depth and detail of the world and I think this will get 300-400 or more hours because I have so much yet to do and see long before I get anywhere near "endgame". I often stop and setup my character - keeping on eye on the rule of thirds - with awesome backdrops and scenery for some holiday snaps. I often walk everywhere, instead of using the fast options, just to soak it all in! I even have some pretty amazing screenshots if I must say so. As an "Enigma" music genre fan of many years, the music in the background of this is sublime. It so often sets either a wonderous emotion or a sense of danger at just the right time, so much so, that immersion into this pixelated fantasy world is absolutely complete. As I write, I've finally married the lovely Ysolda, Lydia is my Steward and my poorly residence (mansion?) at Lakeview Manor is looking rather stately. It is disappointing that much of the furniture and fittings are nothing more than eye-candy. Even my long, 8 seater dining room table never gets used. Well. I don't have to eat do I? For that matter, even sleep appears totally optional. There are quite a few other peeves too. - Clipping and FOV can be atrocious at times. Trying to shoot a fast moving dragon with bow and arrow. Lordy lord. - Tight tunnels and corners where followers jam you up, you can't see or they just get in the way. I even killed my follower once in a fit of rage as she stood dumbly by while I was getting zapped by some dude with a cattle prod. "GET OUT OF MY WAY LYDIA DAMMIT!!" I yelled one day, much to the mirth of my wife (my real one). - Inventory items. I'd be the first to recognise penalty-reward for carrying too much stuff but given the tightness and limitations of the purses of (scoundrel) vendors, it took buying a damned house just so I could offload my junk somewhere! There is little indication of what's -important- early on and I'm carrying stuff that seems rare or difficult to acquire with "unknown" as it's value. But I'm hesitant to leave it behind because it's just so much work to get to where I found it - if I need it! - Books. Agghhhhh!!! Somebody liked writing loads and loads of fictional - and unneccessary- trivia, that's for sure. Unless I am sadly mistaken, and reaching "endgame" might prove this, the amount of information presented is totally overwhelming. I fail to see relevance in much of what is written and trying to piece it altogether into some kind of connected narrative is as good as impossible. Do I really need to know why Edna Fat-Girl from Farawayland abandoned her children for a mammoth or any other such trite historical reference? Yeah, value tells me it's important but nohing indicates what ISN'T important either. Somehow I'm supposed to read and remember it all? Some might say you don't need to read and remember, it's unimportant. I say to that, then why have it? Clutter is BAD... Mmm..k... - Potions. Spells. Magic. Scrolls. TOO MUCH. A "Scroll of Reasonable" was needed by devs here. I'd rather 2 or 3 gameplay critical potions and maybe 1 or 2 rarer ones but I seem to have more potions and spell options than I do weapon variations. I'm over them tbh. 20 or 30 potions of healing is all I carry. The rest I dump at the local villages as I travel. - Missions. Oh my. Do they HAVE to stay in the list? NO, I do NOT want to an Imperial or a Stormcloak. NO, I don't want to kill the crabby old orphanage ma'am and sure as eggs are eggs, I don't want to be a vampire killer either. Whatever possessed them to not include a "fail mission" button. I understand critical mission timelines etc. what I don't understand why I have to find 10 bear pelts for Temba WideArms - who I have NO interest in - just to clear it off the list. Even a choice to decline a mission AFTER I get told what it is would have been better than THIS. Ugghhhh.... - Saving. NAMING. Dammit. "I love Ysolda" and "I wanna kill Ysolda" save games would have been a great inclusion. - My final gripe. The opening scene. Oh COME ON!! "Esc" out of movie. PLEASE!! EVERYTIME!!! But. Hey look. THIS is going to keep my occupied for a long,long time. If all other RPG's out there are even close to the depth of this work of art, despite her many faults, I'm glad I "converted" genres. I swear allegience, despite trial and adversity, to herald RPG from this day forth. So help me Mara.... 9/10 gg]This is the Perfect game for Adventurer at home because there are tons of quest in this game Enjoy!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's just one of those gems in gaming where as soon as when you get into it you may lose the way out. I originally played skyrim and it's official expansions on the PS3 version on their release days and i haven't played a game that good in a long time. Time spent was nothing impressive for elder scrolls standards though mind you it's just roughly +400 hours or so on the main save playing as a khajiit with a warrior/assasin build & playstyle. sword > shield later 2 words and from a bow i went to a dwarven crossbow (DLC wep) What makes this game so much fun is that it's easy to learn for users both new and not so new how to play it. You start of with whatever weapons and armor you can scavenge, steal, craft or be gifted and one step at a time as time flies by you discover and learn new ways to improve your skills and armor. All you have to do is pick up any weapon you like and use it in combat. Tired of that same sword? purchase a bow! bow too boring? craft a hammer! the options really nearly endless. Skyrim is also one of those games that is not only about fighting and exploring either. you can buy your own house, you can get married and live a happy life together or alone. Handy to know for some of you out there is that this game allows players the choice to start same sex relations, i know it's been a debate and a gaming media thing so for that exact reason i'm just gonna throw it outta there it in hopes it might be useful for anyone who find this important. But back to the home thing. In the hearthome expansion pack (5,00 $5,00 Steam store) the home and marriage feature gets a nice big upgrade which gives you the ability to get a plot of land at 3 set locations and build your own house from scratch starting with a small simple cottage to perhaps a huge manion complete with kitchens, bedrooms, armories, and livestock which you can decorate as you see fit. if you meet the criteria it also allows you to adopt up to 2 children to raise as your own and adopt a pet (Note: Please adopt meeko). again the possibilities are nearly endless. For those who like to turn a page or two and read something in their own time about the history of skyrim or simple daily things like spear polishing and putting bread in the oven the elder scrolls V: skyrim has more than 1000 pages of lore spread through all of skyrim covering many topics such as history, myth, monsters, races, religion, art, and more. these books are found in caves, homes, stores and pretty much anywhere people have been. be on the lookout some of them are actually pretty fun to read. To sum things up skryim is a masterpiece any player can easily lose the time on pure from the many features and near perfect constructed world. Be warned! All the best! (s.i.e)]This is my first foray into the Elder Scrolls series, though I bought Oblivion and Morrowind and will get around to exploring those eventually. I played a little of Morrowind but not enough to form an opinion yet (so far it's neato!). It's one of the most beautiful games I've ever played and the music is gorgeous and haunting. I've sunk many hours into this game but I still haven't completed the main questline. I'll get around to it eventually, but there's so much to do and see that it doesn't matter. I'm thinking i should increase the difficulty a bit. It's easy to cheese everything if you choose blacksmithing, enchanting, and alchemy. The combat overall could be better. HOWEVER, there are many, many mods that fix the game's flaws and add all sorts of wonderful things. Do you want to add more immersion? Well, there are survival mods that affect the food you eat, how deeply the cold influences your behavior, and how you attack. If you don't like something, get a mod that changes it! If you need a "desert island" game this one is it due to its endless replay value.]Better on PC then! Lots of extras on worshop. And the rest of this review is just so I can get a badge]Amazing game with an amazing open world, an amazing variety of items, an amazing background story and amazing stunning gameplay. I HIGHLY recommend it for any RPG fan with more than 20 hours of endurance for games. You can easily spend 200 hours in exploring things, crafting items, discovering new places, customize your character and many other things! But be warned: If you're one of those fast paced players with no patience for such games DON'T play it! Also I recommend playing the other elder scrolls games or gathering some background information, because you'll understand way more of the story and the world of Tamriel if you do so. One of the best western RPG's ever made. Play it for god's sake!]Before I start this review, I need to clarify some things. I know, it doesn't look like i've played this game much, but I have played Skyrim on consoles since its launch in 2011, and have logged over 300 hours on both the Xbox 360 and PS3. Now, on to the review. I have been wanting this game on pc ever since I had first built my gaming pc. I loved Skyrim on the consoles, and I consider it the best RPG of the decade so far. Part of me wanted it on pc for the mods, the other part for the benchmarking purposes. Now that I own the game, I can see I was completely wrong. I have not in fact been getting the proper Skyrim experience all these years, just a crappy console port. I had no idea how bad the graphics and loading times (If you have never played it on console, the loading times can take minutes) can hinder immersion. Let me be the first to tell you, when I first played this game on console even, I was awe-struck by the beauty the game had to offer. The world is great, and although I prefer Oblivion's world to this, I still like this place. It is so majestic. When I got the game on pc and booted it up on max settings with the color mod, I was awe-struck all over again. The fast loading times blew me away, and the color mod showed how bland and disgusting the vanilla game's color pallete is. The game on max settings or even low (console Skyrim is at a setting below low) is great looking. Not to mention the game in 60fps vs the 25 or so fps on console is absolutely breathtaking, it really makes a difference, and I am playing with a controller! I would warrant a purchase of this game for all the reasons above including the excellent mods of this game to anyone who already owns the game on console. Now to the newcomers. The game is an RPG, and a big one. It has a huge open world, and basically drops you outside a cave and says, "Here, have a quest, but you can go kill a chicken if you want. Did I mention there are huge dungeons to explore, weapons to find, and people to meet/kill?", and the feeling is awesome. It is basically a do-whatever-you-want-whenever-you-want kind of thing. The NPC's in the game are believeable, and I sometimes didn't want to go on huge killing rampages massacaring whole towns like I did in Oblivion or Morrowind (provided the combat system worked xD). The detail in the game is immense, and you can tell the devs took their time with this game. Honestly, I feel kind of wierd right now. I am here reviewing a game so big, it's mind-blowing, and I can't think of anything to say about it. I don't want to ruin the experience for you, it is too good. Do I recommend this game? Yes, I couldn't possibly recommend it enough. The game is so good, I am skipping out on christmas eve movie night with my family to write this review. I think it's time for me to join them, so I will leave you with a quote from the world's wisest person: "Thou shall not have lived if ye haven't played Skyrim"]This game is by far my most played game in my library. It is a very fun game that has a great workshop community. Very much worth the time.]There are little midget people that like to play tag]*whispers* SKYYRIMMMMMM]Elder Scrolls Skyrim: To some a game. To others a commitment. To me? My Destiny. This game is sent from the gods. TL;DR-Get it now]Base Game: The game is pretty good. Lots of content, but I feel that the combat could have been better. It feels like your attacks never really connect with the enemy and it's like it swings right through them. Story-wise, it was terrible. I never once was interested in the story, especially when Fallout New Vegas did such a good job in writing a few years back. Controls are solid with the mouse and keyboard and audio is good, with some great music. Graphically, it looks okay, but there are a ton of things that could have been improved on. If we compare both Vanilla Skyrim and Fallout New Vegas, I would prefer to play New Vegas. However, if you somehow don't own Skyrim, buy it. Right now. My review above is extremely brief, assuming 99% of PC players have played Skyrim. If you don't, let me tell you why it's a must buy. One simple word. Mods. Skyrim has thousands of mods to improve pretty much everything. From graphical enhancements, companions, quests, weapons, spells, armor, monsters, town improvements, UI, player created homes and even complete climate overhauls. You name it, and it will more than likely be there. The game already has hundreds of hours content-wise and you can even furthur that. My game looks amazing, with excellent textures and lighting that make it look like next-gen. I have spell mods that enhance the mage combat; I added over 250 spells into my game to use on my foes. I downloaded Enhanced Blood; making blood look extremely realistic and satisfying when you slice someone open. I have added quests and have made the main towns look much more lively with the Enhanced Town's mod. The combinations are endless. Skyrim's Vanilla is good. But it can be turned into one of the best games you will ever experience if you pick your mods correctly. PROS: +Loads of content +Fantastic, Atmospheric world +Tons of locations that add variety +Outstanding Music and Voice Acting +Intense Combat +Stunning Graphics +Customizable Controls +Replay Value is Insane +Mods, Mods, and More Mods CONS: -Poor UI -Weak Main Story SKYRIM VANILLA: 7/10 SKYRIM W/ MODS: 10/10]Ah, Skyrim. Back in 2011 this was the game that everyone was talking about (or something like that). Truly, a great game. Decent character customization, Great graphics and scenery ,Varied gameplay (be a mage/warrior/assassin or be a Jack-of-all-traits.) The RPG mechanics are good, but it has a kind of short Main Questline. But it has tons of side quests to help fill the time. There are hundreds if not thousands of mods that you can get in the workshop or skyrim.nexusmods.com which can enhance the experience further There are some flaws such as lack of tutorials on smithing and enchantment, but that just makes it better in my opinion. We all know how hand-holdy MMS(Modern Military Shooters) can be now days. Overall 9/10]what a game!!! At first i prirated the game, to be honest. And then i found the game was awsome so i decied to support the developers. This game is worth your money.]Murdering chickens will get you killed. I have played this sience it came out many years ago, and i still love it! 11/10]mod it, until it crashes]My review for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim: - Various races with their different abilities (you can even become a cat or a lizard too). You can be a boy or a gurl (and I'm not Prof. Oak). - A lot of quests (really guys, maybe I can finish most of unrepeatable quests, but by the time i've done that, i probably spent more than 1000 hours. - The map is vast, a lot of point of interest, and by the time you unlock every one of them, your map's gonna be full and heavier. duh. - Travel Skyrim as the mighty dragonborn, a warrior who can master every kind of weapons and magic, and also have a dragon blood running through your veins, Which is nice. Oh, and you can also shout with the dragon language. So you can curse people without them understand it. Because two things, one, they literally don't understand what you're saying, two, they're probably dead, cuz dragon language rulez. FUS RO DAH. - Even though you are destined to be the mighty dragonborn, you can, and you should seek part-time job. You can be a blacksmith, potion or poison brewer, equipment enchanter, whatever that is. - You can join a group of mercenaries, magic nerds, bunch of kleptomaniacs, or fraternity of murderer. Oh, you can also become vampires, or against them (Blade will be proud), and have your own castle (you have to share with your fellow hobos, though. - Oh, and you can marry, too. Good for you, forever alone. - You can drag dead bodies whenever you want, throw junk whenever you want, and the guard still ignoring you. - This game is moddable, original is great, with mods, no question asked. 9/10]Truly Epic!]Many people will say that Skyrim is a perfect game, lots of people will say that the dedicated Modding Community perfected an imperfect game, unfortunately, the problem that I have with Skyrim cannot be modified without completely changing the entire game itself. Despite having a massive open world, thousands of quests to complete, and countless npcs with whom to interact, I can't help but think that Skyrim is a linear game. You don't really get many *REAL* choices. You can choose to join the Factions, Guilds, or Brotherhoods, but if you choose not to, you won't complete the game. You can choose what skills to level, but you won't be able to use the perks you want without leveling *everything*. However, it's your choice to not complete the game. You can choose who to kill and who to spare, but in the end, killing always yields the greatest rewards, the people you want to kill cannot be killed, and the people you want to spare will die eventually. Instead of being a Choose-Your-Own Adventure Book, with several different outcomes that can be reached through many different paths, Skyrim is a hefty Tome that gets better and better as you read, but will end the same way for everyone once they stop reading. The reader's only real "choice" is *when* to stop reading. That being said, Read on. Seriously. There is so much more to read.]Once again bethesda set fire to the orphanage of 'being ' and produce what Fleece Johnson would classify as 'sweet booty'. In this dragonpocalypse simulator you can use swords, arrows, magic and even your voice to dispense justice like a  vending machine. There are no limit to the shenanigans you can get yourself into. Simply join a clan and beat things with the point end. Everyone is hiring from the Mage's guild to the Faze clan. Apparently you can join Al Queda but I couldn't find the front door. 20.5 Gregs/22 would recommend to anyone that isn't a .]ONE OF THE BEST ACTION/RPG GAMES EVER MADE !!! "Skyrim" brought new generation to that kind of games. It is so expandable with mods, and graphics make it even better. Real open world, and bajilions of quest makes that game EPIC ! I recommend it to fans and newcomers. IT WON'T BE BORING EVER !]The first game of The Elder Scrolls series i've played, but definately not the last! Great game, with a huge modding community to make it even better. 2000+ hours, no regrets. I just.. keep coming back to it again and again.]I waited what seemed like forever for this to go on sale. Yes it was worth the wait. And yes I should have just ponyed up sooner. Completely worth the asking price. Awsome game.]Paid mods have been removed, I can recommend this game again. Now add a donate button please. I will certainly donate to Skywind when it's completed (a complete recreation of Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind using the Skyrim engine) or any others I use. Oh, and even the devs for skywind weren't going to charge for their mod, according to their youtube channel. http://steamcommunity.com/games/SteamWorkshop/announcements/detail/208632365253244218?insideModal=0]After the resolution of the "paid mods" debacle I can now endorse this game again. Enjoyable game. It's a solid game.]Hello everybody am going to make this short as i can foe you, but i must say there is much epicness to this game to make this short so here we go. The game is Fun it has wonderful graphics better with mods i mean the mods make you feel like you are in the game that is if you get the right ones, anyway the game it self is so epic the quests, side missions, DRAGONS, shouts, magics, and factions, hell you can even pick a side in the war and fight it as a imperial or stormcloak aka the rebellion. The map btw is huge, and the all the DLC is great infact if you are going to get the game make sure to buy the legendary pack to get all the dlc. but like i said im not going to get into all the thing great about the game so just try it out trust me you love it. Sorry for any spelling issues im not the best at it thanks for reading hope it helps. \m/ (><) \m/]# Our Hero, our Hero claims a warrior's heart I tell you, I tell you the Dragonborn comes With a voice wielding power of ancient Nord Art Believe, believe the Dragonborn comes It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes Beware, beware the Dragonborn comes For the darkness has passed and the legend yet grows You'll know, you'll know Dragonborn's come. Dovahkiin Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin fah hin kogaan mu draa]I haven't even started the game yet because the title screen music is so glorious.]ONE OF THE BEST ACTION/RPG GAMES EVER MADE !!! "Skyrim" brought new generation to that kind of games. It is so expandable with mods, and graphics make it even better. Real open world, and bajilions of quest makes that game EPIC ! I recommend it to fans and newcomers. IT WON'T BE BORING EVER !]Many people will say that Skyrim is a perfect game, lots of people will say that the dedicated Modding Community perfected an imperfect game, unfortunately, the problem that I have with Skyrim cannot be modified without completely changing the entire game itself. Despite having a massive open world, thousands of quests to complete, and countless npcs with whom to interact, I can't help but think that Skyrim is a linear game. You don't really get many *REAL* choices. You can choose to join the Factions, Guilds, or Brotherhoods, but if you choose not to, you won't complete the game. You can choose what skills to level, but you won't be able to use the perks you want without leveling *everything*. However, it's your choice to not complete the game. You can choose who to kill and who to spare, but in the end, killing always yields the greatest rewards, the people you want to kill cannot be killed, and the people you want to spare will die eventually. Instead of being a Choose-Your-Own Adventure Book, with several different outcomes that can be reached through many different paths, Skyrim is a hefty Tome that gets better and better as you read, but will end the same way for everyone once they stop reading. The reader's only real "choice" is *when* to stop reading. That being said, Read on. Seriously. There is so much more to read.]One does not simply play Skyrim for just an hour.]Bought this game for $11 two days ago. Now its $5.49. Why you do this to me steam >:(]I like killing people, if you do too I recommend Skyrim.]Be Khajit. Have wears if they coin. Build huge house in the woods to store your wears with your coin. See nice werewolf woman. Join the companions to impress her. Get Skjor killed so you have no competition. Get stuck helping Kodlak. Kodlak dies, leaving Khajit Harbringer of the Compaions. Have nice merchant empire too. Go to Riften, adpot two kids and get Amulet of Mara. Woo Aela the Huntress. Get Married and have her move in. Come home from trading and the kid runs up. Kid's like, "Dad can I keep it?" Look down to see a fox growling at me. Get guilt tripped. Say "Fine." Have to see it's face and hear the fox growls everytime I get home. 10/10]It's like Fallout with swords]like skyrim with mountains]Ahh, the Elder Scrolls. You can play this all day, every day. You can mod this game, or play it vanilla. There's also the option of moving around pots and bowls and making them talk to each other in neat voices, like *Mrs.Pot* "Oh Mr.Pot, you look ravishlingly fine today, what a handsome man!" *Mr.Pot* "Daaaammm gurl, you lookin F-UR-CE!" oh thats just me? 10/10 9/9 pheenominalll]Game is addictive as crack. Ruined my life for the better.]Best RPG ever!{/h1] -Fighting bandits -Urgurd the unbroken my follower dies - Cry 4 5 min -Kill bandits with all my rage -Quit game and go to workshop to find new follower -So many could not decide -Went back in game -Got bored -Downloaded dragonborn DLC -road a dragon -killed marikk -go back to skyrim and destroy the world with my dragons 11/10 would do it all again]Paid mods have been removed, I can recommend this game again. Now add a donate button please. I will certainly donate to Skywind when it's completed (a complete recreation of Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind using the Skyrim engine) or any others I use. Oh, and even the devs for skywind weren't going to charge for their mod, according to their youtube channel. http://steamcommunity.com/games/SteamWorkshop/announcements/detail/208632365253244218?insideModal=0]After the resolution of the "paid mods" debacle I can now endorse this game again. Enjoyable game. It's a solid game.]I waited what seemed like forever for this to go on sale. Yes it was worth the wait. And yes I should have just ponyed up sooner. Completely worth the asking price. Awsome game.]I was about to start a new game of Skyrim when my ex gf, who broke my heart, called me to tell me she had been in a horrible car accident. She apologized for hurting me and told me if I came to see her in the hospital we could get back together, I'm really conflicted. Should I choose Elf, Breton, or Argonian?]This game is easy, you can win by punching everything in the face.]My 400+ hours in game ought to say something about the vastness of the game world and the wisdom of paying whatever this game currently costs to play it. Even in Morrowind, I think I never spent more than 120 hours total. I've played Daggerfall, Morrowind, and now this game and the MMO beta in the franchise. Every time the Elder Scrolls takes a step forward, it seems to lose some things that made me a fan of the series earlier on, while expanding upon others--for better or worse. I miss the ability to buy a sailing ship, to craft any sort of spell (even levitation), and to make any sort of class I wanted. I don't like that you can simply be just about everything to everyone if you follow all the different quest lines to completion. I don't like that you have to choose between two sides that suck in a war in order to enjoy certain added benefits and plotlines. I find it irritating (SPOILER ALERT) that the imperials should be such a bland bunch of lackeys led by someone who apparently has real virtue--until you assasinate him, while the other side seems like a good bunch of warriors led by such an uninspiring, self-important primadonna. I especially find it irritating that although you can be all things to all people in all plotlines, with the one exception of being forced to choose between two equally uninspiring sides, the one thing you can never be is ruler, no matter what you do. You can kill dragons, and even emperors, but you cannot do anything to become ruler of Skyrim. Seems kind of silly to me. Okay, so maybe Skyrim would never welcome an Argonian to rule over them... but if we're going to play the reality card, well, there's a lot lacking in the major plotlines in that respect. I also don't like that you're forced into a few things that I find personally detestable once you initiate a given quest. I wouldn't recommend letting anyone under 18 play this game either as there are too many mature moments. Even so, with all its glaring faults, this has been my favorite game in the series to date. I whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone who enjoys fantasy rpg's.]Pretty good.]Everyone in the world has played this game by now, but just in case someone has missed it somehow, Skyrim is a great game. No, really. Just play it. Huge tracts of land, dragons, treasure, old men in robes, it's all here, and more. Go!]I was about to start a new game of Skyrim when my ex gf, who broke my heart, called me to tell me she had been in a horrible car accident. She apologized for hurting me and told me if I came to see her in the hospital we could get back together, I'm really conflicted. Should I choose Elf, Breton, or Argonian?]My review for The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim: - Various races with their different abilities (you can even become a cat or a lizard too). You can be a boy or a gurl (and I'm not Prof. Oak). - A lot of quests (really guys, maybe I can finish most of unrepeatable quests, but by the time i've done that, i probably spent more than 1000 hours. - The map is vast, a lot of point of interest, and by the time you unlock every one of them, your map's gonna be full and heavier. duh. - Travel Skyrim as the mighty dragonborn, a warrior who can master every kind of weapons and magic, and also have a dragon blood running through your veins, Which is nice. Oh, and you can also shout with the dragon language. So you can curse people without them understand it. Because two things, one, they literally don't understand what you're saying, two, they're probably dead, cuz dragon language rulez. FUS RO DAH. - Even though you are destined to be the mighty dragonborn, you can, and you should seek part-time job. You can be a blacksmith, potion or poison brewer, equipment enchanter, whatever that is. - You can join a group of mercenaries, magic nerds, bunch of kleptomaniacs, or fraternity of murderer. Oh, you can also become vampires, or against them (Blade will be proud), and have your own castle (you have to share with your fellow hobos, though. - Oh, and you can marry, too. Good for you, forever alone. - You can drag dead bodies whenever you want, throw junk whenever you want, and the guard still ignoring you. - This game is moddable, original is great, with mods, no question asked. 9/10]Truly Epic!]This game is easy, you can win by punching everything in the face.]The perfect game to make an epic journey. Will suit many playstyles and player preferences, and most likely even excel it in the process. Of course I recommend it, it's obviously one of the best RPGs ever out there! P.S.: ...Just installed it again and played for like 4 hours without a break. Damn it, it's so immersive!]I tend to be wordy in reviews, trying to outline my thoughts, be fair and also objective. This will be no exception. Bear with me. I come into RPG a total noob and what I decree here might, for some, prove my noobness. Most probably in fact. As a staunch strategy/sim gamer of many years, RPG never really interested me so my adventure into Skyrim came as quite a surprise. In my view, despite it's "used by date" having well and truly expired, Skyrim deserves some very serious accolades. At nearly 100 hours played, I'm still coming to grips that I can play this almost like a sandbox (with the Hearthfire DLC) and just be a simple "villager" who relies on hunting, gathering or even small levels of agriculture to sustain myself. Or I can be a hero. As I write, my level 16 char (it's my 3rd start OK!) slays dragons, gargoyles and vampires. He can shout an army of sword wielding skeletons into piles of bones. I can wander willy-nilly, all over the map, mixing it up with bears, wolves and sabre-tooth tigers. There is so, so much to do and see that without the "fast-travel" option or a good horse it would take hundreds of hours just to explore the map. I'm intrigued by the depth and detail of the world and I think this will get 300-400 or more hours because I have so much yet to do and see long before I get anywhere near "endgame". I often stop and setup my character - keeping on eye on the rule of thirds - with awesome backdrops and scenery for some holiday snaps. I often walk everywhere, instead of using the fast options, just to soak it all in! I even have some pretty amazing screenshots if I must say so. As an "Enigma" music genre fan of many years, the music in the background of this is sublime. It so often sets either a wonderous emotion or a sense of danger at just the right time, so much so, that immersion into this pixelated fantasy world is absolutely complete. As I write, I've finally married the lovely Ysolda, Lydia is my Steward and my poorly residence (mansion?) at Lakeview Manor is looking rather stately. It is disappointing that much of the furniture and fittings are nothing more than eye-candy. Even my long, 8 seater dining room table never gets used. Well. I don't have to eat do I? For that matter, even sleep appears totally optional. There are quite a few other peeves too. - Clipping and FOV can be atrocious at times. Trying to shoot a fast moving dragon with bow and arrow. Lordy lord. - Tight tunnels and corners where followers jam you up, you can't see or they just get in the way. I even killed my follower once in a fit of rage as she stood dumbly by while I was getting zapped by some dude with a cattle prod. "GET OUT OF MY WAY LYDIA DAMMIT!!" I yelled one day, much to the mirth of my wife (my real one). - Inventory items. I'd be the first to recognise penalty-reward for carrying too much stuff but given the tightness and limitations of the purses of (scoundrel) vendors, it took buying a damned house just so I could offload my junk somewhere! There is little indication of what's -important- early on and I'm carrying stuff that seems rare or difficult to acquire with "unknown" as it's value. But I'm hesitant to leave it behind because it's just so much work to get to where I found it - if I need it! - Books. Agghhhhh!!! Somebody liked writing loads and loads of fictional - and unneccessary- trivia, that's for sure. Unless I am sadly mistaken, and reaching "endgame" might prove this, the amount of information presented is totally overwhelming. I fail to see relevance in much of what is written and trying to piece it altogether into some kind of connected narrative is as good as impossible. Do I really need to know why Edna Fat-Girl from Farawayland abandoned her children for a mammoth or any other such trite historical reference? Yeah, value tells me it's important but nohing indicates what ISN'T important either. Somehow I'm supposed to read and remember it all? Some might say you don't need to read and remember, it's unimportant. I say to that, then why have it? Clutter is BAD... Mmm..k... - Potions. Spells. Magic. Scrolls. TOO MUCH. A "Scroll of Reasonable" was needed by devs here. I'd rather 2 or 3 gameplay critical potions and maybe 1 or 2 rarer ones but I seem to have more potions and spell options than I do weapon variations. I'm over them tbh. 20 or 30 potions of healing is all I carry. The rest I dump at the local villages as I travel. - Missions. Oh my. Do they HAVE to stay in the list? NO, I do NOT want to an Imperial or a Stormcloak. NO, I don't want to kill the crabby old orphanage ma'am and sure as eggs are eggs, I don't want to be a vampire killer either. Whatever possessed them to not include a "fail mission" button. I understand critical mission timelines etc. what I don't understand why I have to find 10 bear pelts for Temba WideArms - who I have NO interest in - just to clear it off the list. Even a choice to decline a mission AFTER I get told what it is would have been better than THIS. Ugghhhh.... - Saving. NAMING. Dammit. "I love Ysolda" and "I wanna kill Ysolda" save games would have been a great inclusion. - My final gripe. The opening scene. Oh COME ON!! "Esc" out of movie. PLEASE!! EVERYTIME!!! But. Hey look. THIS is going to keep my occupied for a long,long time. If all other RPG's out there are even close to the depth of this work of art, despite her many faults, I'm glad I "converted" genres. I swear allegience, despite trial and adversity, to herald RPG from this day forth. So help me Mara.... 9/10 gg]You can use the Slow Time shout as someone is about to sit down, and then move their chair before they sit. 10/10]One of the best games I've ever played. You can go for hours just getting sidetracked from one quest to another and then again. Some people didn't like that, but the whole open-world aspect and freedom to do whatever you want makes for one of the most enveloping and immersive gaming experiences designed to date.]Top 10 things to do in Skyrim: 1). Drop a cabbage in the Riftin tavern (forgot what its called) and watch 3 people fight to the death over a single cabbage (two free corpses to loot too)! 2). Get  when your pack mule companion dies in the middle of nowhere carrying all those valuable Dragon Bones/Scales, weapons and armour you can't afford to carry since you're 1 weight item away from becoming over encumbered. 3). Slaughter everyone in a city trying to get the werewolf mastery achievement then go outside and slaughter the courier who's trying to give you the inheritance that you will likely receive. Wait next to him for a few hours so that you turn back into a human and receive your inheritance while he lies prostrate. 4). Try to fit through a doorway while floating in vampire lord form, fail miserably, shout obscenities at the fictitious architects. 5). Go cabbage bowling. 6). Try to convince Serana to marriage and fail. 7). Help bandits fight off a dragon and find yourself in the middle of them when the dragon is defeated. (Don't expect much gratitude...). 8). Put a pot on a shop owner's head and loot away. 9). Spend the entire day "making progress" and realize you have actually done nothing at all. 10). Get attacked by a bear while in a conversation with an NPC but don't worry about it and continue the conversation.]One of the best games I've ever played. You can go for hours just getting sidetracked from one quest to another and then again. Some people didn't like that, but the whole open-world aspect and freedom to do whatever you want makes for one of the most enveloping and immersive gaming experiences designed to date.]Top 10 things to do in Skyrim: 1). Drop a cabbage in the Riftin tavern (forgot what its called) and watch 3 people fight to the death over a single cabbage (two free corpses to loot too)! 2). Get  when your pack mule companion dies in the middle of nowhere carrying all those valuable Dragon Bones/Scales, weapons and armour you can't afford to carry since you're 1 weight item away from becoming over encumbered. 3). Slaughter everyone in a city trying to get the werewolf mastery achievement then go outside and slaughter the courier who's trying to give you the inheritance that you will likely receive. Wait next to him for a few hours so that you turn back into a human and receive your inheritance while he lies prostrate. 4). Try to fit through a doorway while floating in vampire lord form, fail miserably, shout obscenities at the fictitious architects. 5). Go cabbage bowling. 6). Try to convince Serana to marriage and fail. 7). Help bandits fight off a dragon and find yourself in the middle of them when the dragon is defeated. (Don't expect much gratitude...). 8). Put a pot on a shop owner's head and loot away. 9). Spend the entire day "making progress" and realize you have actually done nothing at all. 10). Get attacked by a bear while in a conversation with an NPC but don't worry about it and continue the conversation.]Hello everybody am going to make this short as i can foe you, but i must say there is much epicness to this game to make this short so here we go. The game is Fun it has wonderful graphics better with mods i mean the mods make you feel like you are in the game that is if you get the right ones, anyway the game it self is so epic the quests, side missions, DRAGONS, shouts, magics, and factions, hell you can even pick a side in the war and fight it as a imperial or stormcloak aka the rebellion. The map btw is huge, and the all the DLC is great infact if you are going to get the game make sure to buy the legendary pack to get all the dlc. but like i said im not going to get into all the thing great about the game so just try it out trust me you love it. Sorry for any spelling issues im not the best at it thanks for reading hope it helps. \m/ (><) \m/]# Our Hero, our Hero claims a warrior's heart I tell you, I tell you the Dragonborn comes With a voice wielding power of ancient Nord Art Believe, believe the Dragonborn comes It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes Beware, beware the Dragonborn comes For the darkness has passed and the legend yet grows You'll know, you'll know Dragonborn's come. Dovahkiin Dovahkiin Naal ok zin los vahriin wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan Dovahkiin fah hin kogaan mu draa]Shot a man in the face with an arrow then hid in a corner until he thought it was just his imagination. 9/10]Best game of all time. Dawnguard DLC is worth every single penny. $20 is a steel for what you get.. if you like vampires or killing them, or both (two stories in one) you'll love it.]The best, most addictive, personal, incredible, awe inspiring, perfect game I have ever played :)]It's ok]It's ok]Best game of all time. Dawnguard DLC is worth every single penny. $20 is a steel for what you get.. if you like vampires or killing them, or both (two stories in one) you'll love it.]The best, most addictive, personal, incredible, awe inspiring, perfect game I have ever played :)]Skyrim certainly had a lot to love up to after the wonderful experience that was Oblivion. After playing over 100 hours i can safely say that it lives up to it, and then some. Skyrim is a stunning open world RPG with so much to do and so many places to see. The class and race variety is really deep so that you can play with pretty much any style you like. The theme of the place is mostly snow but there are a lot of different themes too with some of the nice green landscapes that we liked from Oblivion. If you decide to just wander off somewhere you will always run into a new place with something to do. The main quest can be brief if you just follow this but the side quests really open things up and add to the whole skyrim experience. Overall I loved the game and would put it in the "must play" section. Would run into Whiterun and kill all the people just for the lulz again. 10/10]Easily the best RPG in the last 5 years. Read my review for more details: http://www.iguanadons.net/The-Elder-Scrolls-V-Skyrim-460.html]The Story of how I lost Lydia. *Ahem* Charited by the Jarl, Was an indentured Housecarl, To aid me in various "parles". On my trek to the North, So advanced forth, A Frost Troll of course. After the struggle to flee, I could no longer see, The Housecarl that was entrusted to me. (I left Lydia in the middle of the icy plains. I have yet to go back for her. )]The storyline of Elder Scrolls V if you choose to follow it, is well written and well told for fantasy RPG. Dragons which the Nords had thought to be extinct are terrorizing The Tamriel province of Skyrim once again! And its up to you and your unique powers to find out why. Of course there are plenty of other storylines and roles to play within Skyrim; you can choose to live as thief, an assassin, a knight, aspiring mage or you can be all of those things at the same time. You can completely ignore the storyline, find the horse and explore the world and face its dangers at your own pace. The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion launched on March 2006, which was very early in the Xbox 360s lifecycle. Skyrim launches on November 2011, which was consoles generations twilight years. It is impressive to see graphical leaps that had been made. The scope of the map, the detail of the terrain, the intricacies of the characters and the monster models and defined craftsmanship that went into every sword, shield, spell and piece of armor is astounding! A lot of love and care clearly when making into this game. However, no game is perfect and Skyrim holds true to that. One of the few complains I have about the game, is that some of the textures are strangely low resolution and they pop-out of the player were they are present. Which is sad because it temporarily pulls you out off the game. In terms of gameplay, this is the most streamline Elder Scrolls game today. I use the term delicately since streamline is often synonymous with dumb down when describing videogames. That is not the case in Skyrim. Well a good number of spells has seen the Axe, everything else has gotten an overhaul it needed. The dual wielding system is fantastic for combat. You can now hold two weapons, two different spells or weapon and the spell in each hand. The combat itself is very satisfying is because they added a finishing moves that are sure-to-please. Sneaking is always an option for the stealthy at hard difficulties. Skyrim has done away with repair hammers, but in their place they implemented forging skill which is by in far a superior system. Enchanting has seen some tweaks as well. But all in all both are great diversions for the average dragon hunter. The music is phenomenal, the voice acting is head and shoulders above the rest of the Elder Scrolls series. I am very happy to see and hear some familiar faces and voices. Battling your first dragon is an adrenaline rush that you havent felt long time in gaming. Elders Scrolls V: Skyrim isnt just videogame, its my vacation dream come true! But its not all the gorgeous vistas and claustrophobic spelunking. The introduction sequence barely does the game any justice. In fact, is a little drawn out tediously. In order to create a new character, youll need to go thru it every single time. You arent simply drop into a world like you are in Morrowind. Despite of the presence of the dragons chasing you, its not nearly as exciting as Oblivions introduction. Heres hoping that there is a patch will be put out allowing you to customize your character again before you leave the final cave. So you can create a save file just before that moment and affectively skip the introduction. Considering this feature was present in Oblivion and Fallout games, it is curious that is missing. The menu system is abysmal, especially on the PC. Oblivions menu system was a bit overly chaotic and hard to manage but this is somehow worse. In time, you overcome this obstacle but it would be great it was hindrance in the first place. If you are going to pick up Skyrim and I absolutely recommend you do. I haul hardly push you getting a PC version. There are already a large handful of fantastic mods available to customize your Skyrim experience. Skyrim should truly be experience by everyone, even you dont think you are fan of fantasy RPGs. This open world has too much to discover. Skyrim is easily one of the greatest games for the past twenty years. With mod support in place, Skyrim will likely beyond everyones hard drive for years to come.]Great game to keep you occupied for the rest of the day week month year the rest of your life.]Few days ago I was full of my doubts ,becaouse i did not know if I want this game or not.So with my eyes closed I click on the shoping icon (--_--) and got a bil... I download the game ,made a tea and said:"So let's see what Bethesda Softwork will please us!". So first think that I liked it was menu (_ooh melody of the menu take my heart)_ ). For first time the game was absolutely boring (it is just my opinion) but after about 15 minutes playing I was pleasantly surprised!The battle,the people ,the sound and the game world was on the hight-level!The fights was so real that I thinking that I for real take a sword and start beat all the sh*t out of different scum as Draugrs... Quests was very interesting ,but the only thing I did not like -it was the length of the main quests (for me it is to short). So here is why I give for this game 9\10. With all my heart I can say that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim AWESOME GAME! And the last thing that I should to say :"Skyrim For Nords!"]If you love RPG games you have found RPG games king I love skyrim i have all DLC.s Alduin is so Awesome you just cant get enough when shouting bandit or dragon i like more two handet weapons but one handet is also good even little weak bows well bows are for sneaky type. spells well spells are not combat fun. but Enchanting is skill you are going to really need and its also fun But this is game what you are looking for!!]Best RPG open world game i've ever played...]FUS, RO DAH! Skyrim's known as a masterpiece of this age, that's pretty much common knowledge. And it is. The Elder Scrolls in general is a VERY good series, and you can immerse yourself in it for days. Morrowind was great, but many, many people had problems with the game being slow, and many claim for it to be the last "Hardcore" game of the series. Oblivion was praised, yes, but Oblivion, the fourth game in the series, had a SERIOUS disease in it that kept many people from being properly immersed. The specific skills you HAD to pick, and HAD to focus on throughout the rest of the game. It's much like a class, but a custom one. It doesn't work for Oblivion, because of how...Free, the series is. Skyrim has arguably no flaws in it. I've yet to come across a single crash that didn't result by my own error in putting down mods, nor have I had any immersion-breaking moments. This game, even without the famous Unofficial Patches, is still very much playable, and I enjoyed my first 80 unmodded hours of the game. Once I grabbed some mods, that the community made (And a overhaul that one man worked on for over 1000 hours!) I've fallen in love, yet again, with the game. Games that REQUIRE you to have mods so it stays alive (Like Minecraft, for example) doesn't live strongly, in my opinion. Skyrim doesn't have that case. What can you do in Skyrim? Well, you can waltz into a town, shout a chicken off into a river, then get pummeled by people with maces, run like a , run into a cave, find that sweet, sweet Glass War Axe, run back to that town, SLAUGHTER EVERYONE, make a child homeless, adopt that child, build a house, join a Vampire-Slaying community, join the Theives Guild, GET MARRIED , SLAY A ING DRAGON, ABSORB IT'S SOUL, THEN SHOUT IN THEIR LANGUAGE, WHICH CAUSES YOU TO SHOUT ICE, Read a damn good book about Red Eagle, then, travel to his LAIR, SLAY THE GUY, then grab a crossbow, enchant it and call it the Dismantler , get travel companions, join a CIVIL WAR CRISIS, become a legendary hero, or an infamous badass, CATCH FISH LIKE A BOSS, be a master wizard of the arts of blowing  up, be one SNEAKY , or just go chop heads off to space. Then shout at their corpse, giggling as you watch it fly, RIDE. ING. DRAGONS. AND THEN, IF YOU'RE STILL BORED.... Mods. Oh. God. The mods. Don't like how the stealth system works? Just grab a overhaul patch! You have more than you think to choose from! Want to fish? ...have...sex? Have an alternate start, Say " no" to the lockpicking system, and get a Pro version, MORE BOOKS, MORRRRRRRRRREEEE BOOKS, ENTIRE QUESTLINES MADE BY FANS OF SKYRIM, OR YOU CAN JUST MAKE IT. And I STILL have things to say. The story of Skyrim has TWO different main storylines. And HUNDREDS of side stories to get involved in! People will love you, or hate you, depending on what you do. (If you're a thief AND a assassin, in the respective guilds...you will be very, VERY infamous. In fact, so much so, that if a guard tries to apprehend you, you can SCARE them into not arresting you!) The Civil War Crisis, and the Dragon's Return Crisis. You can pick and choose between every quest. You can always go back and continue on it later. Hell, you don't even HAVE to do the main questlines! I've still yet to get around to even getting them HALFWAY done! And the Civil War Crisis has TWO sides to pick from! Once you choose, the only way to see the other questline is to replay the game. and pick the other side! And, even if you completely ignore those two storylines, you still have HUNDREDS of hours of gametime to go through! And the DLC? GET IT. GET IT ALL. They are all worth it! I actually have only one minor complaint about Skyrim, but, honestly, it's actually small for me. They could have used more voice actors for each race. Now, that might sound bad for immersion, but the actors do SO WELL in voicing their lines, it's easy to forgive! Honestly, Skyrim's one of the few games that I truely believe to be Perfect. That rating, for me, stands with Unthinkable Natural Law, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, and Epic Battle Fantasy 4. Story: 10/10 (This is one game you NEED to read it's lore within the game, and pay attention to what's going on around you! Solid masterpiece.) Music: 9/10 (I sometimes forget the music is there, but I think that's because they blend too well with the game.) Combat: 8.5/10 (Once I got a few Overhaul patches, and the Dance Of Death mod, it's a perfect 11/10. Content: 10/10. (This is one of those games, that, even at the average 60$ price tag of AAA games today, is STILL a steal. The DLCs just make this already expansive game even BIGGER.) Overall rating: To be fair, I think a 9.2/10 will suffice. My last words to you: By reading this, you are now Krii Lun Aus'd! Marked For Death, es~]I can still remember back to January 2013 when I'd received this as a Christmas gift from my oldest brother, and once I started playing, I'd been sucked in for the next few days! Exploring the beautiful and incredibly huge world upon of a captivating story & experience that made me feel like a part of Skyrim ... I mean, if I look towards playing again, I prefer to be able to allot at least a couple or more hours just to get back into the feel of it all. *10 Fus-Ro-Dahs!*]This is so good, it might even cure davids autism]I sunk 191 hours into this game. Need I say more?]This game is great, the story is long going, the things you can do within the game are great (Enchanting, Random Dragon Appearences etc. and the Quests are fun. I like the game. C:]This game is ing good. Its hard to resist not playing Skyrim. When almost all the games in my library has failed to entertain me, this game comes and fills me with joy. But of course there are sometimes where it gets frustrating and annoying, but what can I say, I am just a beginer gamer. I started gaming in the biging of 2013. This game one of my most favorite and precious games ever. I recomend you buy this game above any other games. Rating so far as I have played the game: UNLIMITED/10]When you walk into riverwood. Attack the chicken by the gate. And then save. 10/10]Beyond memorable and enjoyable, Skyrim has surpassed all of its predecessor in many ways no one can imagine. With no room of denying, this game is perhaps the most immersive Role-Playing Game Bethesda has ever created. Buy it now!]I'm writing this review for anyone who actually needs to read a review for skyrim. Because you know, there aren't any out there already. Gaem iz gud, buy if u hev 2 pley of lyne (The game is wonderful, you should really buy it because it has a great modding community and the game itself is fantastic, with a long story line that you don't have to follow and an open world where you can kill (almost (important NPCs)) anyone. this game is a must have because t's great for offline play and when you're online. The game is beautiful... uhh Mods, mods, and mods, can make the game pretty much anything. for example the thomas the tank engine mod turns all the dragons into trains. Idk why. but it's there.) Story: 10/10 Gameplay: 10/10 Presentation: 9/10 (-1 Point for bugs, errors, glitches etc. They are common enough) Soundtrack: 10/10 (epic) Replayability: 10/10 (THE MODS)][10/10] Even PC version didn't dissapointed me. + possibility of mods available on PC :3 As RPG this belong to best ones of breed and only few titles can compete with TES:V. Bethesda made good step forward with new combat mechanics and game mechanics themselves. this is..... masterpiece. Game of the Decade.]When you walk into riverwood. Attack the chicken by the gate. And then save. 10/10]This game is ing good. Its hard to resist not playing Skyrim. When almost all the games in my library has failed to entertain me, this game comes and fills me with joy. But of course there are sometimes where it gets frustrating and annoying, but what can I say, I am just a beginer gamer. I started gaming in the biging of 2013. This game one of my most favorite and precious games ever. I recomend you buy this game above any other games. Rating so far as I have played the game: UNLIMITED/10]Just... WOW!!!! 10/10 ! This game is worth all the money!]Brilliant game! having it on steam is even better because of the workshop. make the game a thousand times better.]I mass murdered some towns and cities, and jerked off onto the corpses]"For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim" "For Dragon... Age!" *sound of gramophone scratch noise* "I mean uh... For Skyrim?"]1st hour of game play: "Is this fallout with no guns?" 30 hour of gameplay: "I went to a colledge for 7 days and now im the Archmage. Cool" 60 hours of gameplay: " I should get back to the main story" 90 hours of game play: DOHVAKIN! DOHVAKIN DA DA DA!]"For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim!" "For Skyrim" "For Dragon... Age!" *sound of gramophone scratch noise* "I mean uh... For Skyrim?"]1st hour of game play: "Is this fallout with no guns?" 30 hour of gameplay: "I went to a colledge for 7 days and now im the Archmage. Cool" 60 hours of gameplay: " I should get back to the main story" 90 hours of game play: DOHVAKIN! DOHVAKIN DA DA DA!]Start game. Run to Whiterun. Find Cat man. Run up to Cat man to pet him. Cat man pulls Iron Warhammer and hits me on the head OHKOing me. Massacre all Cat Men, Women and possible children I find for the rest of my playthroughs.]This is one of my favorites. I recommend this game to any Fantasy/RPG gameplayer. The Modding community is also very strong and it will seem to last for a life time.]One of the greatest games of all time. Building on the lore and events from past Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim really takes the gameplay and graphics to the next level. Beautiful, fun, expansive, a near endless amount of stuff to do, two main story arcs running simulataneously, morality decisions....pretty much everything you could want from an open world RPG. There are bugs, and you will need to save often, but between the vanilla game, the DLC, and all the crazy mods available, this game will be responsible for your lack of sleep potentially for years to come. I think this has become number three on my list after Morrowind and Baldurs Gate.]<3 Mucho.]Shouted a goat off a mountain, then talked about a book with a dragon. 11/10]It has dragons and you can mod it to have nude ladies.]Worth it]Just... WOW!!!! 10/10 ! This game is worth all the money!]Beyond memorable and enjoyable, Skyrim has surpassed all of its predecessor in many ways no one can imagine. With no room of denying, this game is perhaps the most immersive Role-Playing Game Bethesda has ever created. Buy it now!]Not really sure what I'm err.. Supposed to write about Skyrim here, I mean seriously it's Skyrim. If you don't own it yet, your hopes for Half-Life 3 have completely consumed your life... Not like that's a bad thing but seriously Skyrim, buy it before the 6th one comes out.]With an almost endless amount of immersion, Skyrim is a fantastic game that hosts a multitude of mods. Vanilla Skyrim is in itself fairly well made, and the story is at just the right level of length where I don't feel frustrated at spending half my day traversing a dungeon. The puzzles, when apparent, aren't too difficult and the graphics are still great even to this day, if you're that sort of gamer. Also, this game is quite liberal on mods. Hell, they even provide you with a tool to do it yourself, and some mods are just breathtakingly beautiful. Others are so immersion and lore-breaking you love it and simultaneously wither on the inside, but you download them anyway. Now here comes the part where I warn you about stuff thats important mmk lets do this thing Skyrim is an EXTREMELY volatile game ESPECIALLY with Dawnguard and Hearthfire, but you'll only really see this in heavily modded cases of Skyrim...or maybe not. Since Bethesda refuses to fix most of the problems users have reported, there are MOUNTAINS of threads to fix these issues, although some of them are NOT guaranteed to work. A mod that conflicts with another can CTD you incredibly quickly (or mess up your save/saves). And by CTD, I mean crash to desktop, and thats never fun. I currently have my mod settings for Skyrim at "Modded to a degree that its on life support" so I'm crashing somewhat frequently. Secondly, Skyrim is a memory hound and this ALSO makes it freak the hell out on occasionally. Unless your machine is a powerhouse, expect a little lag. The cursor tends to go from jerking erratically to being as slow as a dump truck, according to your settings. EDIT #1: On the topics of mod compatibility, this is an issue you'll eventually run into with important mods. Although most of them are self-sufficient, you'll run into THAT mod, the one that lags you out/bugs something or even messes your save up eventually, and this translates to "ALL SAVES DOWN REPORT BRAVO TEAM". Ahem. Now, with something like 5 mods installed it shouldn't be hard to find a problem. With say, 100, this is much more of a problem, especially with Skyrim's lack of communication when it CTD's. It's a tedious process, so be warned and be careful on what mods you download, you never know what'll break your game a few times before fixing it. Or, you know, not. I love this game despite it's (sometimes)fatal flaws and I'll continue to play it any day. Thanks for muscling through this wall of text.]Girlfriend leaves for a week. One Handed increases to 100.]Introduction Awful outdated graphics Rushed animations Horrible bland textures Boring combat system Tons of bugs and Dead-boring NPCs! I seriously don't understand why people still play this old hag of a game. If only they would realize how buggy this ga- .... wai- what? There are mods that enhance and fix all of that?.... How about those limited 2GB ram usa-... there's a fix for that too? Umm... well the main story is kind of very linear, I bet there's no mo-.... there is?... Well fighting against Alduin was pretty eas-... So there's actually a mod that gives him 5 different levels/stages that casts hundreds of meteors falling towards me that makes him nearly impossible to beat? So what now, I'm guessing there'll be a mod that makes your character poop and pee? Get your male character pregnant? Listen to an auto-tuned Cave Bear? Fight a flying deformed Randy Savage?... Wha-... there actually are!? Great Scott... Modding saved this game . Review In all seriousness, the game itself without having it covered with fancy mods was disappointing. Though in spite of the unrewarding quests however: Going through the dark void of the dungeon, fighting your way through, beating the boss, turning in your quest item..., and only get 100 Gold as a reward... , there are still some stuffs that make it very interesting like the Daedric quests for example. The consistent blue tint of atmosphere is reasonable for me to be honest (you're in the northern side of Tamriel, what other atmosphere would you expect?). The models and textures are decent for its 2011 gen. Apparently, some of the normal maps are misplaced and there are some portions where the textures are stretched. There are even textures that give performance hits due to its lack of optimization. Now don't get me started with the animations... oh god, the dual wield and the one-handed weapon when held on the left hand... Compared to the previous titles, this game lacks the role-playing aspects of a an actual RPG. It's more of a sandbox game where you would explore the whole area of Skyrim just right after escaping from Helgen at the beginning of the game. The main story wasn't well delivered due to the NPCs' dialogues making you feel like they're rushing you on saving the world. You would rather spend dozens of hours doing other quests, and then you'll come back to the main quest once you've got bored on the open-world. Unlike in TESIII: Morrowind, you'd need to level up and get better items for you to make the next main quest beatable. Also, exploring other places is a guaranteed death sentence to your character. The plot could have been better if only it wasn't too linear. There's only one or three quest/s where you could choose which side would you go, but other than that, the main plot goes on with the same ending. It's sad that the developers just made a game that would only last 100 hours for me to enjoy and would make me leave it in the Library/Shelf for a long time rotting and waiting to be played again. Then, there's the modding community: the ones that made the game worth buying in the first place. The developers may have put their efforts into this game, but the modding community had it in ten-folds to think they're not even getting paid for their work. Though, that's not the case to all modders. Overall, the game is okay, but it gets really good with mods installed. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for me doesn't have the story of its own; because we, the players, are the ones who write it. This game could have been better especially since the Skyrim region has the most interesting lore in Tamriel (in my opinion). I do recommend to buy it only when it goes on sale since it has been 3-4 years now from its release. Better wait for a new Elder Scrolls game! Verdict Concept Rating Graphics 7/10 + Amazing atmosphere + Decent textures - Under-par animations - Stretched textures - Unfixed shadow stripes - Unoptimized overall textures Audio 8/10 + Awesome in-game soundtracks + Good quality on overall sound effects - lacks environment sounds - repetitive and unimmersive dialogue and weapon audios Main Plot 7/10 + 6-10 hours of main story gameplay - Cliche storyline - Long intro - Rushed plot Replayability 9/10 + Infinite quest simulation + Massive content + You can do anything you want + A lot of unique encounters - Repetitive quests Modability 10/10 + Everything. Is. Moddable. almost Overall: 8.20/10 - Great enough, but not so great! With Mods Overall: YourPC/10 - "Mod it until it crashes" Notes for those who are new to using mods in this game You must have at least 8GB of RAM in order to get the full experience of using mods in Skyrim with the help of Skyrim Memory Patch . Make sure you download Mod Managers (NMM, MO, or Wrye Bash), LOOT (Load Order Organizing Tool), and Wrye Bash to prevent your game from glitching. Feel free to ask in the TESV: Skyrim Steam Discussions if ever you're having issues such as crashing and other bugs; people there are very nice and helpful! The fact that you could mod this game where it can affect the main scripts/codes makes it so dangerous to even touch any scripted mods. STAY. AWAY. FROM MODS WITH HEAVY SCRIPTS... unless if you have NASA's computer/s then why not go ahead and use all script heavy mods as you like. Anyway, the following are the popular mods to avoid if you have a low-med end CPU and RAM on your PC: - Convenient Horses - Footprints (not really, but if you have mods that populate the game, please do avoid) - Wet & Cold (unless you de-activate the parts that makes it script-heavy, (preferably everything in it), then you'll do fine) - Enhanced Blood Textures - Realistic Needs and Diseases - Frostfall - Sands of Time - Audio Overhaul for Skyrim 2 (it increases the radius where the audio starts playing, meaning it loads a lot more sounds than usual) - Immersive Lighting of NPC ( Immersive Detection of NPC is fine . ILNPC however contains scripts on AIs) - Warzones (more npcs, higher frequency of crashes) - Interesting NPCs (this mod is really big. you'd notice that your game will start to launch much more slower than it used to before. other than that, you are prone to crashes) - Any mods that populates your game (more NPCs, more scripts generating in your game) - Any mods that modifies NPC's behaviour through scripting - Any mods that runs/process throughout your whole game (e.g. Frostfall and RND) Remember that you should only avoid those if you don't have a very powerful CPU and a high amount of RAM to handle these mods. These performance friendly mods on the other hand will give a vast improvement to your game in terms of visual environment, atmosphere, and audio with a very minimum chance of crashing your game: - Enhanced Lighting and FX - ICBINE - Imaginator - Climates of Tamriel (or any other weather mods of your preference) - Immersive Sounds - Compendium - Lightning during Thunder Storms (make sure you download compatibility patch for CoTamriel if you have that also installed)]With the right erotic mods from the nexus and lover's lab this game becomes the ultimate fapping simulator of 2014! 10/10 Would bang]Masterpiece!!!It is a world that you enter and do not want to leave.I just wish they would have kept adding more expantions to it.Its too bad they stopped and moved on to other projects.They didnt keep this going as well.Would have been amazing to keep seeing the story grow stronger.But there is Mod work that is rather great as well.All I can say is get some snacks,turn off the lights,sit back,and enjoy a massive world filled with beautiful sights,lore,magic,mysteries,enemys,and friends.But Most of all the Dragons!]I feel that once modified to your personal taste, this game comes pretty close to what one could consider the "ultimate" game. It has a little bit of everything to keep it interesting and has a lot of replay value. It could use more dialogue choices for an honorable character, but it does it's job adequately. The only thing I really wish it had is a co-op option to play with a friend or two. Hell no, not an MMORPG. It has great main/side quests, decent unlimited quests, excellent enviroments, and fun exploration. Combat is decent enough, and the ability to play at your own pace is also nice. The experience when it all comes together is great. If the base game and DLC aren't enough for you, you can modify it with mods to do pretty much anything you could think of. I highly recommend modding it. Also the game isn't very difficult by default, but mods and difficulty sliders can help with this. I should leave a warning though. Playing this is like falling unconscious, and waking up wondering where the time went. Time flies playing it.]Introduction Awful outdated graphics Rushed animations Horrible bland textures Boring combat system Tons of bugs and Dead-boring NPCs! I seriously don't understand why people still play this old hag of a game. If only they would realize how buggy this ga- .... wai- what? There are mods that enhance and fix all of that?.... How about those limited 2GB ram usa-... there's a fix for that too? Umm... well the main story is kind of very linear, I bet there's no mo-.... there is?... Well fighting against Alduin was pretty eas-... So there's actually a mod that gives him 5 different levels/stages that casts hundreds of meteors falling towards me that makes him nearly impossible to beat? So what now, I'm guessing there'll be a mod that makes your character poop and pee? Get your male character pregnant? Listen to an auto-tuned Cave Bear? Fight a flying deformed Randy Savage?... Wha-... there actually are!? Great Scott... Modding saved this game . Review In all seriousness, the game itself without having it covered with fancy mods was disappointing. Though in spite of the unrewarding quests however: Going through the dark void of the dungeon, fighting your way through, beating the boss, turning in your quest item..., and only get 100 Gold as a reward... , there are still some stuffs that make it very interesting like the Daedric quests for example. The consistent blue tint of atmosphere is reasonable for me to be honest (you're in the northern side of Tamriel, what other atmosphere would you expect?). The models and textures are decent for its 2011 gen. Apparently, some of the normal maps are misplaced and there are some portions where the textures are stretched. There are even textures that give performance hits due to its lack of optimization. Now don't get me started with the animations... oh god, the dual wield and the one-handed weapon when held on the left hand... Compared to the previous titles, this game lacks the role-playing aspects of a an actual RPG. It's more of a sandbox game where you would explore the whole area of Skyrim just right after escaping from Helgen at the beginning of the game. The main story wasn't well delivered due to the NPCs' dialogues making you feel like they're rushing you on saving the world. You would rather spend dozens of hours doing other quests, and then you'll come back to the main quest once you've got bored on the open-world. Unlike in TESIII: Morrowind, you'd need to level up and get better items for you to make the next main quest beatable. Also, exploring other places is a guaranteed death sentence to your character. The plot could have been better if only it wasn't too linear. There's only one or three quest/s where you could choose which side would you go, but other than that, the main plot goes on with the same ending. It's sad that the developers just made a game that would only last 100 hours for me to enjoy and would make me leave it in the Library/Shelf for a long time rotting and waiting to be played again. Then, there's the modding community: the ones that made the game worth buying in the first place. The developers may have put their efforts into this game, but the modding community had it in ten-folds to think they're not even getting paid for their work. Though, that's not the case to all modders. Overall, the game is okay, but it gets really good with mods installed. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for me doesn't have the story of its own; because we, the players, are the ones who write it. This game could have been better especially since the Skyrim region has the most interesting lore in Tamriel (in my opinion). I do recommend to buy it only when it goes on sale since it has been 3-4 years now from its release. Better wait for a new Elder Scrolls game! Verdict Concept Rating Graphics 7/10 + Amazing atmosphere + Decent textures - Under-par animations - Stretched textures - Unfixed shadow stripes - Unoptimized overall textures Audio 8/10 + Awesome in-game soundtracks + Good quality on overall sound effects - lacks environment sounds - repetitive and unimmersive dialogue and weapon audios Main Plot 7/10 + 6-10 hours of main story gameplay - Cliche storyline - Long intro - Rushed plot Replayability 9/10 + Infinite quest simulation + Massive content + You can do anything you want + A lot of unique encounters - Repetitive quests Modability 10/10 + Everything. Is. Moddable. almost Overall: 8.20/10 - Great enough, but not so great! With Mods Overall: YourPC/10 - "Mod it until it crashes" Notes for those who are new to using mods in this game You must have at least 8GB of RAM in order to get the full experience of using mods in Skyrim with the help of Skyrim Memory Patch . Make sure you download Mod Managers (NMM, MO, or Wrye Bash), LOOT (Load Order Organizing Tool), and Wrye Bash to prevent your game from glitching. Feel free to ask in the TESV: Skyrim Steam Discussions if ever you're having issues such as crashing and other bugs; people there are very nice and helpful! The fact that you could mod this game where it can affect the main scripts/codes makes it so dangerous to even touch any scripted mods. STAY. AWAY. FROM MODS WITH HEAVY SCRIPTS... unless if you have NASA's computer/s then why not go ahead and use all script heavy mods as you like. Anyway, the following are the popular mods to avoid if you have a low-med end CPU and RAM on your PC: - Convenient Horses - Footprints (not really, but if you have mods that populate the game, please do avoid) - Wet & Cold (unless you de-activate the parts that makes it script-heavy, (preferably everything in it), then you'll do fine) - Enhanced Blood Textures - Realistic Needs and Diseases - Frostfall - Sands of Time - Audio Overhaul for Skyrim 2 (it increases the radius where the audio starts playing, meaning it loads a lot more sounds than usual) - Immersive Lighting of NPC ( Immersive Detection of NPC is fine . ILNPC however contains scripts on AIs) - Warzones (more npcs, higher frequency of crashes) - Interesting NPCs (this mod is really big. you'd notice that your game will start to launch much more slower than it used to before. other than that, you are prone to crashes) - Any mods that populates your game (more NPCs, more scripts generating in your game) - Any mods that modifies NPC's behaviour through scripting - Any mods that runs/process throughout your whole game (e.g. Frostfall and RND) Remember that you should only avoid those if you don't have a very powerful CPU and a high amount of RAM to handle these mods. These performance friendly mods on the other hand will give a vast improvement to your game in terms of visual environment, atmosphere, and audio with a very minimum chance of crashing your game: - Enhanced Lighting and FX - ICBINE - Imaginator - Climates of Tamriel (or any other weather mods of your preference) - Immersive Sounds - Compendium - Lightning during Thunder Storms (make sure you download compatibility patch for CoTamriel if you have that also installed)]What a great game: - Beautiful Graphics; - Great story; - Good gameplay; - Epic soundtrack; If you played any of the past Elder Scrolls and it did didn't appeal to you I think you will enjoy this game even more! 10/10*]NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW Dive into the shoes of the dragonborn saving the world like usual in an Elder Scrolls Game but with a twist, you can use the ancient power of the voice to shout words of power shout at your enemies. The world eater has returned along with the dragons and it is up to you to defeat them and save tamriel from its doom. The game is set in Skyrim the harsh land of the nords in the middle of a civil war and you can choose a side in it; the Stormcloaks or the imperals or you can stay neutral and kill both or be peaceful, it is up to you what you do. The game has lived up to all expectations and has surpassed all. In my opinion it is the best game bethesda has ever made. The graphicss are amazing, the gamplay is a big step up from previous Elder Scrolls games. Unlike Elder Scrolls 4: Oblivion, not every voice is the same. There are some that are the same but that is undestandable because they don't have unlimted voice actors. Some people hate how it is not as "pretty" as oblivion but I think this is a good thing because skyrim is a harsh land where it is always snowing so that is why I like this idea. The story is awesome but is not as long as oblivion's, in fact it is a lot shorter than oblivion so they could of made it a bit longer but its quality makes up for it. I like how unlike oblivion, it's class system, no longer have to choose a class make up your own with skill and skill trees with perks be god if you want to. Overall I recommend this game to anyone, it is the best game I have ever played and has surpassed all expectation, its a thumbs up from me, if I had to give it a rating; 9.5/10. Its great, if you like what you hear go buy it yourself you won't regret it.]PLEASE NOTE MY LACK OF TIME IN THIS GAME, I HAVE PLAYED HUNDREDS OF HOURS IN THE CONSOLE VERSION. Ah, remember the original? Pretty damn good. But this. This is Arena on steroids. Set in the land of Skyrim in the Elder Scrolls universe, it follows on Dragons (Admit it, you wanted them since Morrowind) and how they are going to enslave the mortal races or something like that. This game is INCREDIBLY solid in quests. There are hundreds of them. Literally. Thats not even counting misc quests! Combat is a bit strange at some times, the animations also feel clunky. And its graphics are not that up-to-date like other RPG's of its time. It makes up for it in a large open world, incredibly original creatures, original storyline (For a RPG) and heck, there are Youtube video's on how to learn dragon language. Its VERY cheap for the content and I have spent so much time playing this and not getting bored. Get it or if your a bit strapped for cash, wait for a sale. But get this if you have the money. Its damn worth it. 8/10, quite glitchy, some bad animations and repeated voices for lots of characters but its incredibly large and fun.]Skyrim is the best open world RPG you can get. A true evolution of genre is not flawless but still it is the game you love to live in. 9/10]Whats to say, everyone owns it and knows its incredible. I have around 190 hours logged and am nowhere near finishing this game. I have so many quests active that at times its overwhelming. Many times I just travel around and shoot deer and mudcrabs with the bow and arrow or maybe just take a horse for a long ride across the beautiful countryside. This is a beast of a game and deserving of rave reviews and all the attention it has gotten. Recommended]The gametime does not account for the hundreds of hours played on my Xbox. 10/10 Took an arrow to my social life.]My girlfriend likes this game more than she likes me. 10/10]Good on you Bethesda and Valve. Let's get this back to 95%+]Like Oblivion, but with guns.]Prepare your nimitz carrier group for assault on Alduins Skooma empire running rampant throughout Skyrim. Your crew, a group of leftist hippies must be whipped in to shape by your candy , don't be afraid to embalm and brutally beat down your crew to the ways of the Empire.]I killed a girl, took her clothes, and threw her off the mountian. 10/10]-Skyrim; I'm not sure how I can review this, never having played older TES games, but I can safely say, after a better playthrough, this is a good game. -Gameplay is pretty varied, ranging from full-on combat, using magic, or my all-time favourite: sneaking. -Combat... Isn't brilliant. It isn't stiff like a rock, but still a bit rough. It has some dinamic though, like executions, different attacks for different directions, and special effects like extra damage on undead, or freeze damage on stamina and magicka, etc. -As for quests, I feel like the game really shined in the guild quests, the companions, college, and thieves'. But was lackluster on early-game story missions. That being my opinion though. -Side missions are interesting at least, but some are/seem boring and occupy space on your journal. -The leveling system works a bit "weird", differently from what I'm used to. By getting good at a skill: One Handed, Destruction spells, lockpicking you gain overall EXP, then you use tab and click level up, not fully fond of it. -Overall, I'd give it an 8/10 since a max rating has to be a perfect game for me, and I have not found one yet. -Leave your feedback below. Thanks]Prepare your nimitz carrier group for assault on Alduins Skooma empire running rampant throughout Skyrim. Your crew, a group of leftist hippies must be whipped in to shape by your candy , don't be afraid to embalm and brutally beat down your crew to the ways of the Empire.]I killed a girl, took her clothes, and threw her off the mountian. 10/10]-Skyrim; I'm not sure how I can review this, never having played older TES games, but I can safely say, after a better playthrough, this is a good game. -Gameplay is pretty varied, ranging from full-on combat, using magic, or my all-time favourite: sneaking. -Combat... Isn't brilliant. It isn't stiff like a rock, but still a bit rough. It has some dinamic though, like executions, different attacks for different directions, and special effects like extra damage on undead, or freeze damage on stamina and magicka, etc. -As for quests, I feel like the game really shined in the guild quests, the companions, college, and thieves'. But was lackluster on early-game story missions. That being my opinion though. -Side missions are interesting at least, but some are/seem boring and occupy space on your journal. -The leveling system works a bit "weird", differently from what I'm used to. By getting good at a skill: One Handed, Destruction spells, lockpicking you gain overall EXP, then you use tab and click level up, not fully fond of it. -Overall, I'd give it an 8/10 since a max rating has to be a perfect game for me, and I have not found one yet. -Leave your feedback below. Thanks]You don't own it?]The Elder Scrolls series has forever been a part of me, Morrowind, Oblivion and now Skyrim -.. Words cannot describe the experiences and the accumulation of hours that I have put into the games. Skyrim nor displeases or fails to live up to the expectations. The gameplay and missions are extensive and unique and the RPG revolving around Dragons is literally amazing. The shouts and skills operating around each character makes the game even more addicting. I totally recommend this for anyone, especially Skyrim, alongside the older games and especially the newer one; the MMORPG.]Skyrim has made significant improvements from the previous games, but lack that certain charm from the previous games like Morrowind or Oblivion. For instance, the leveling up system has been improved but it makes leveling up not as fun as the class based system you see in the previous Elder Scroll games, the combat hasn't really all that improved just the standard block, and hit with a possible 50/50 critical depending upon how well you leveled up. If you use magic make sure you buff yourself and use strong magicka spells. The world itself is pleasing enough, with the right ENB mods and mods in general you can make those screenshots look beautiful and epic. You will lose hours on end not just by doing quests here and there but just by exploring the vast lands of Skyrim and seeing the world change and react to things that you do or nature or even the NPC's. The NPC's in this game is far better than the ones seen in Oblivion. Not only do they interact with you but they interact in a way which feels almost life like. They will still do their tasks while at the sametime talk to you. And thank god the voiceovers are vary rather than the same like the ones seen in Oblivion. Plus each one has their own 'background' or particular quest which makes them even more interesting to chat with and of course help them in the time of need if they require it. The DLC's themselves just adds more layers to Skyrim. Dawnguard, Hearthfire, and Dragonborn gives new powers, abilites, lore, shouts, armor and weapons, plus locations, quests and NPCs. The standard DLC for an RPG. Except for Hearthfire, which is an add-on not DLC. Hearthfire is basically (almost) like the Sims. This add-on just adds adoptions, homesteads, and new NPCs and a few raident quests. Skyrim without mods is still great, but just a bit buggy and glitchy. The modding community has helped making the game great. And then some! I mean not only do you got a ton of Mod reviewers out there (Bordual, and Gopher, MMOxReview and Top 5 Skyrim mods of the week from Gamespot) plus many more. But also talented artists (painters, and drawers for example), music composers, fan fiction writers, short videos, parodies, playthroughs. I mean so much more! Skyrim is a great game to play. A great experience. I highly recommend it!]"This is certainly a masterpiece. Such a big world,beautiful landscapes,a lot of intrigues and different characters. You can definitely enjoy it fully. One of the best "RPG" games ever... "]this game, IS THE BEST RPG EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1. there is almost infinate stuff to do and when you run out of built in stuff you can get community made mods for more stuff to do! 2. HOURS of gameplay 3. great character cumstomizeation 4. CAT PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5. BEAUTIFUL graphics and scenery The bad sides 1. you can't just go into a town and kill everybody for fun : ( because of children ande mian quest related people 2. gaurds get angry if you use shouts in any Jarl's palace 3. some quest markers can be hard to understand]Here's how my initial experience on Skyrim was: Step 1: Install game and start it; Step 2: Go through the tutorial, eager to see what this game is all about; Step 3: Nice, the tutorial is over. Ok, they say I need to go this way, I'll just see what that fire is about. OMG, three bandits attacking me? Meh, this should be a piece of cake despite my level 1. I face them head on with my sword. I die easily and fast..... Step 4: Ok, I have to be more careful. I will just run away from them this time. Step 5: Oh, a house, I wonder what's inside! I enter the house, kill a man which was sleeping there (sorry fella, your loss). Oh look, this bookshelf seems to be hiding an entrance. I enter... ...and end up spending 1 hour inside a huge dungeon. Step 6: This game got me hooked... :(]This is pretty much the gospel.]"ooo this venison must be beef" - Claire]The fifth game of The Elder Scrolls franchise. Skyrim is a unique roleplaying , action and adventure game that you could never compare to any other title. You start out as a prisoner going towards Helgen to be executed , but luckily a dragon comes to destroy it and you manage to escape. From there on you make your adventure. You can do anything you find interesting such as doing side quests , the main story quests , exploring the huge lands of Skyrim or leveling up your skills. The main story isn't that long , but the side quests will take around 1000 hours to all be completed. The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim has a high replayability or if you ever get bored from the vanila version , get mods from the Skyrim Steam Workshop or from the Skyrim Nexus. You won't go wrong by buying this game, even if its published 2011.]It's like Skyrim with Dragons 10/10 Would Fus ro Dah again]Follow the trail up to the throat of the world. Eventually, you'll encounter a troll. Have the troll follow you up the rest of the trail, go near the edge, use your freeze shout, and watch the magic happen! (If there is no magic, you did it wrong)]Gorgeous game. Not as good as Oblivion, but a great way to spend an afternoon lost in the outstanding storyline. 9/10]best game to marry your fictitious waifu]best game to marry your fictitious waifu]Quite simply, the greatest game ever made. I played this game for a year after it came out. Then I got involved in some other games for a year or so and then decided to go back and play Skyrim again. It was just as fresh and exciting the second time around as it was the first time that I played it. Skyrim is VAST. Huge. Monstrous. There is just so much to do here that it never seems to get old. I only used a few simple mods, no real game changers, just a few things to make the game a bit more fun for me. BUT for those who want them there are thousands of mods that WILL change the game which adds entirely new game play possibilities. I'm done gushing for now. I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who has ever had an inkling to play an RPG. Best game ever. Really.]How Can You Not Recommend This Game?]Easily the best medeval rpg ever created.]It`s Skyrim, I aint gotta explain s-h-i-t.]A game where the sky has a rim.... bad um tss]This game isn't dragon down my fun]This is my favorite game, it is the best ever!!!]I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow, sword, dagger, mace, wolf, bear, giant, mammoth, dragon, werewolf, zombie, vampire, troll, fireball, ice ball and bandit to the knee]This game destroyed my life......highly recommend]An exciting storyline and very addictive gameplay, combined with modding this game will last you a very long time.]Killed a dragon, Ate his soul, Married a lizard man, Became a cannibal, Ate Nazeem, Ate my husband, Joined the imperial army, Ate Ulfric Stormcloak, 10/10]I can personally attest to the fact that Skyrim deserves all the hype it's gotten. One of my favorite aspects of the game is the fact that it isn't a mainstream, overly-colorful, slightly too fantasy-oriented RPG, that ends up being a bit cheesy. Instead, Skyrim has created a beautiful, yet rugged world in which anything is possible (especially with mods), and provides enough realism and strategy to be intense, while still being a fantastic, mythical experience that leaves you awe struck and nerd-gasming. Play this game, I beg you.]With an endless possibility of adventure, and a great modding community, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best RPGs ever made. However, it suffers from rehashed dungeons and character models, along with familiar scenery in some places. None of that is enough to draw away from the incredible depth, scale, and intensity of Tamriel. The province of Skyrim is an incredible place to trek, but many of the events that happen in the game feel immersive at first, before revealing themselves to be a similar, if not exactly the same, endeavor each time. For example; a fugitive runs up and gives you a sword and a threat. This makes you feel like you're in a living, breathing world, only to have that breath extinguished when you realize it'll be the same situation again and again and again as long as a fugitive needs your help. Rehashed content is the only drawback to an otherwise truly one of a kind RPG.]Words would result insuficient to describe what Skyrim is and what it has to offer. From a first view it has no brilliant story and there are indeed some bugs or glitches that still remain, so it could possibly result a mediocre game but I assure you that you'll certainly change your mind after trying it, what makes skyrim special is the identification in your character, made possible by a levelling system different from the classic RPG. You won't have points to spend in any abilities (except for Health, Mana and Stamina) but you'll have to select a few skills and upgrade them by practice. This will risult more immersive for the time spent in the levelling process and for the result of that, more rewarding than a normal RPG lvl system: the more the effort will be the more rewarding will be the result, that won't be tranlated in a mere number. In every game your will be at the center of all things but Skyrim will make you feel to deserve being the hero. A little sore in all of that could be the lacking of a Karma System, much more familiar to all the Fallout saga players, (but c'mon world needs to be saved from ancient badass flying lizards; embending a pot in the the head of the Innkeeper to avoid him seeing you stealing some chease will be surely forgiven by Akatosh). Last but not least the music the will make more suggestive the beautiful landscapes in the whole game (better to install graphic mods for best quality) and will make every battle worth to be fought, even though the fight system isn't anything special. After almost 240 hours I've still havew to finish the game because the feeling that I get from it was that every inch of rock, earth, mud and water has to be lived and so every little adventure the this land of the north will offer you (yes, also the blackreach quest for the nirn's roots, still unfinished though..). In the end, Skyrim is maybe one of the best games ever createwd by now, and together with Dark Souls 1 and 2 helped made me develop a certain sensibility towards games and what they try to transmit you, not simply living them as fictional/interactive stories for childish plays or a simple waste of time as "grown ups" people see them. 10/10 (If you get the chance, play the DLCs aswell).]Really cool RPG Sandbox game.]The epic atmosphere that wraps this chapter of the TES saga is stunning, allowing the player to dive into a magic world on the edge of a crysis felt never before. The gameplay is quite simplified compared to the previous chapters, nonetheless it still gives a special insight into the fantastic lore of The Elder Scrolls. 10/10]Sky's the rimit]its a game. 10/10]This game is beautiful and it has soul. While I think it's not the best TES game, it surely stays true to what makes this series amazing: insanely detailed world, fantastic atmosphere, the huge open world that calls the adventurer in me to explore every corner and delve into the legends of the Nords. The art style, music and character models make Skyrim the most spectacular experience so far in terms of a living world to explore. The RPG mechanics are getting thinner (stats, skills, birthsigns, attributes) but the progression and character customization are still pretty solid in their absence and a good improvement from Oblivion. I can't wait for the expansions for this game.]9/10 Summary: Amazing game with smart, powerful and unique gameplay mechanics which are all complemented by colourful lore, backstory and extensive RPG elements and mod support (a very extensive variety of mods is already available, as well as modding tools). However, players might occasionally be confronted with bugs/glitches in the game, which may hinder the game progression and lead to a negative gaming experience. PROS: i) Captivating lore and backstory. Well written and directed quests with a (fair...) amount of coherence on a logical basis. ii) Simple, yet powerful and versatile gameplay mechanics. From combat and hunting, to smithing and trading, this game is easy to learn, yet hard to master. iii) Great for role-playing. The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim offers great character building tools to create your own personalized heroine or hero and begin conquering the land of Skyrim. iv) Moddable to the core. Infinite modding potential for extending the game's capabilities and features (such as additional races, quests, armour, weapons and virtually anything else). v) Optimized for most computer setups. Even if you have a medium to low-end computer, Skyrim will run quite decently, given the relative reduction in graphical quality. CONS: i) Extremely glitchy/buggy in certain spots. You can almost certainly rest assured that you will encounter a number of bugs throughout the game, especially in quests , some of which are fixed by reverting to older game saves, by installing unofficial patches released by the community, others by performing specific actions or tricks (e.g. using "Unrelenting Force" on an NPC in an effort to "reset" them), by uninstalling conflicting mods or by using certain commands (e.g. setstage ) - yet some bugs and glitches may remain unfixable.]kill dragons without wearing clothes 11/10]I can't even begin to think of a review for this game. But I will say this.. Best landscape and atmosphere ever]Absolutely hands down the most addicting game ever.]All Good, except the Spiders. I don't like Spiders.]Don't play it. Especially not with mods. It will ruin you]This game destroyed my life......highly recommend]I can't even begin to think of a review for this game. But I will say this.. Best landscape and atmosphere ever]Absolutely hands down the most addicting game ever.]Shor's bones, there so much to do. While punching a big rat, I was interrupted by a dragon fighting an (important???) NPC whose ghost wolf ran past me just in time to be obliterated by dragon breath. Also saw a bear walking inside cave ceiling while its feet dangled down above me, and a rabbit take off into the sky like an airplane. I expect this randomness to continue, because Bethesda, and I look forward to it.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review Elder Scrolls is a great game if you like a bit of a story line and you love to explore places; finding secrets and treasures. Yes, there are dragons! I would recommend this game as it's still exciting to play and if you like to what the hell you want. This is a good game for you! Positives -Loads of objectives and side quests to do -Great graphics (If you have a good computer) -It's fun to play Negatives -Can get boring traveling to places and if you play too long -It's not a short game to finish with straight away -There could be more options]All Good, except the Spiders. I don't like Spiders.]So obviously this game has SO MUCH to live up to. And it delivers in literally EVERY aspect of those expectations. I'm a huge fan of TES so when I got my hands on this game the only thought was = SCORE. Totally worth the money. This review mainly consists of my playing on the console version, but I picked it up for PC during the holiday sale and adding in the mod community only increases its replayability by countless hours? Days? Months? NO, YEARS. My total time played on console is nearly 450+ hours. Occassionally any game could get repetitive or boring, and yes Skyrim is no exception, but this only takes place when you think you've done everything, only to turn a corner and find 10 more hours of content you apparently were entirely oblivious to. Bethesda has done well to tuck extensive content into nearly every inch of the game world just waiting to be discovered. The expansions were a welcome addition to the game, especially since I was finally able to return to Solstheim. The only issue I walked away with was that the main storyline seemed short when compared with Oblivion or Morrowind (but this may have just been because I blew through it out of pure excitement). Anyways the game is completely worth the price tag, it was even worth the price tag of $60 at release. Clear and easiest 10/10 I have ever had to give. GET THE GAME. Side notes: Combat = 9/10 Not much improvement motion-wise over Oblivion. But nonetheless engaging and awesome. Quests = 10/10 Extensive, Numerous (literally hundreds of quests), rewarding, and all enjoyable. World = 10/10 Definitely immersive, never once did I feel a loss of involvement in the events unfolding around me. Enemies = 10/10 Plenty of variations. And to top it all off, there are dragons. Just dragons, if you take anything away from this, just know, DRAGONS.]Its rare when you find a game that attaches to you as well as Skyrim. Over 5000 hours in between the xbox and my pc, and the world still feels as fresh as ever. As per the usual Bethesda open-world-customizable-character-rpg, your character has no voice, but has dialogue options that allow you to depict what type of person your character is and how to respond to them. Skyrim's lore is mainly what attached me to it, for the world, (save for the main quest) is incredibly rich in its scope, granting the player countless hours and experiences simply by walking around. If you truely want to explore Skyrim the way it was meant to, do not fast travel, and see where your adventures take you. The combat is nothing to write home about, and stealth based characters outclass all other classes bar none, especially on higher difficulties. You cannot find the highest quality weapons until you are above level 46 (rng dependent, however they are more commonly found at higher levels), at which point if your character is invested in smithing he/she can make the higher quality weapons than anything you can find in game. To me this is one of the major downfalls of the game, especially when you find a unique sword, just to find out that you can make one that is twice as powerful and are in unlimited supply. Some of the decisions Bethesda made regarding to dlc are rather off-putting and I really wish they play tested these abit more. Being weaker in an exclusive form with a semi-permanent follower? That is unacceptable. Parts of the dlc are even lore breaking, but I wont leave spoilers here. What really increases this game's replay value are the random encounters and of course, user-created content. The modding community for Skyrim is one of the largest in the video game industry. From giant dlc sized mods that take place in new worlds, to armor retexures and bunny-rabbit followers, there is nothing you cannot find in terms of Skyrim mods. As always though, make sure your computer can handle these mods, as installing "after market" content is always on the user, not the publisher. Skyrim however, like most games of this scale (I'm looking at you Mass Effect) are not without their dissapointments. There is no sense in scaling in terms of difficulty: An archer on novice and an archer on legendary both have the same accuracy, they just have exponential damage/health scaling. Enemies level with you, but this can be a blessing as well as a curse; sure a level 32 bandit might be strong with that steel greatsword and that banded iron armor. But you have a full set of ebony armor and an ebony war hammer, as well as some restoration spells to heal you. That level 32 bandit cant live a single hit from you, and if he can, you can stall him out with healing spells. The ai have potions, but never seem to use them. The only truely challenging un-modded fight I can remember is the ebony warrior, who you wont even see until your level 81. The differencies between classes are to0 far to make them all balanced, but some of the perks just make certain "builds" untouchable. Example: The last perk in the sneak tree allows you to conceal yourself while in combat. Sounds innocent enough, but when you can crouch DIRECTLY infront of someone and backstab them for 15x damage simply because the ai turns around and begins searching for you makes you borderline invincible, especially considering there are only a few instances where you have to fight dragons. The main quest, especially the "final boss" is incredibly anti-climatic, and has no more variety then any other standard battles you have in game. At least they changed this for some of the dlc's, but the lack of variety in the main quest compared to the rest of the game is heartbreaking. And then there are the endless list of bugs that Bethesda will never fix. I won't list them here, but as a tip: NEVER save with a crossbow (in hands or inventory) while crouched. You will be locked in that position forever, and you will know when its happened when your crosshair appears while you are crouched and you cannot stand up. That list of cons, however off putting they may seem, should not stop you from purchasing the game. It is well worth your time to play, with or without mods. I stress that mods greatly increase the enjoyment you will have in your game, but to each his/her own. Skyrim has earned those awards by creating an excellent user experience. Perfect? No, nothing ever is. Is it close? Probably as close as any game will get.]I'd recommend this game to people who loves fantasy games and fantasy movies. The story-line is fantastic and the game itself is just beautiful!]dis gaem svaed me from sertain doom and maid me a better swag]Beautiful Graphics: The Interactive Experience press left and right click to kill things and follow the arrow to win! (in all seriousness, streamlining this series for easier access is slowly killing it, and what we will soon have if this trend continues are amazing looking games with loads of stuff to do but with the story and the complexity of a game made for 5 year olds. this is a good, well made game, but is sincerely lacking in many areas, namely story, acting, npc quality, lack of character development, lack of lasting impact in the world, lack of real conflict and consequence to your actions, and simply lack of that certain charm Elder Scrolls games always seemed to have. even Oblivion had that certain charm, and some say it was even more terrible with its streamlining. all in all, good game, most will disregard this review, but I yearn for the complexities and just extreme effort that Bethesda put into Morrowind to resurface someday.) 7.5/10]THis is a great game it has a great story line, Lots of action, and hours of gameplay, one of the best ive ever played]One of the best games i have played in my life. And you NEEDD to play this game.]Do I recomend this game... HELL YES! I've been so busy playing the game, I never wrote a review, I have played this game far more than any other game I have tried, and with all the mods from various places, the game possabillites are endless. I would get into some of my personal mods I am using, but I will spare you the details other than possible infestations and pregnancies. The balance of the Vanilla game is great, and it happens to be a great starter for one to play. I use the Creation Kit to make changes so I don't have to run to town before getting half way through a single "dungeon", and I tried on several aspects to increase rank wise for aditional perks in different areas. Like for use of 4 enchantments instead of 2, but it is set up where you can only up it once, not 3 times, so was forced to hit 4 directly. And same thing with increased carriing capacity, allows for only a single upgrade to it. Am still a novice, or I would change the base settings to add more branches off that one. Once you learn the controls, that are quite simple, game play is smooth, combat is not really my thing in most games, but in this game, it keeps me going back for more, on a regular bassis, Difficulty is moddable while in game, even in battle, to make the boss fights a bit easier if needed... Ok, there is just too much for me to say about this game, and after speaking with friends, this is the last True "Elder Scrolls" game, as the Online version totally sucks, and not even made by the same team that made this game, shame shame... Anyway, This is the game I play, as my times show, and will continue to grow as time wears on, and new mods become available as 3rd party content, I will add it to my game such as,"Become a Lord" in my case, Lady... Should just say Jarl so there is no gender differientials... Ok, back to my game, Have to Kill Aulduin for the 10th time....]The epic atmosphere that wraps this chapter of the TES saga is stunning, allowing the player to dive into a magic world on the edge of a crysis felt never before. The gameplay is quite simplified compared to the previous chapters, nonetheless it still gives a special insight into the fantastic lore of The Elder Scrolls. 10/10]Such a great game, i can go wherever i want and do whatever i want! 5/5]I can't stop coming back to this. Somehow, Steam hasn't even logged all of the hours I've put into this. One of the brilliant things about Elder Scrolls is how simple it is to charge right through the story (if you have your waypoints on) or to just roam around endlessly for hundreds of hours doing nothing of significance. It's genuinely beautiful, especially when you consider the myriad of content created by other users to add to this game.]Such a great game, i can go wherever i want and do whatever i want! 5/5]This game is amazing. There is so much stuff that you can do. I have been playing for ^ and i have not even goten close to finishing all the side quest. But there are some giches so be perpard. the that it is a Bethesda seys that, but it also seys that they spent alot of time of this game and it amazing. A game with so meny good things is bound to have some problems. It was made it 2011 for crying out loud. Any ways YOU should pick up this game, buy it, its 30$ but its worth 60$. There are no words for the AMAZINGNESS of this game.]So obviously this game has SO MUCH to live up to. And it delivers in literally EVERY aspect of those expectations. I'm a huge fan of TES so when I got my hands on this game the only thought was = SCORE. Totally worth the money. This review mainly consists of my playing on the console version, but I picked it up for PC during the holiday sale and adding in the mod community only increases its replayability by countless hours? Days? Months? NO, YEARS. My total time played on console is nearly 450+ hours. Occassionally any game could get repetitive or boring, and yes Skyrim is no exception, but this only takes place when you think you've done everything, only to turn a corner and find 10 more hours of content you apparently were entirely oblivious to. Bethesda has done well to tuck extensive content into nearly every inch of the game world just waiting to be discovered. The expansions were a welcome addition to the game, especially since I was finally able to return to Solstheim. The only issue I walked away with was that the main storyline seemed short when compared with Oblivion or Morrowind (but this may have just been because I blew through it out of pure excitement). Anyways the game is completely worth the price tag, it was even worth the price tag of $60 at release. Clear and easiest 10/10 I have ever had to give. GET THE GAME. Side notes: Combat = 9/10 Not much improvement motion-wise over Oblivion. But nonetheless engaging and awesome. Quests = 10/10 Extensive, Numerous (literally hundreds of quests), rewarding, and all enjoyable. World = 10/10 Definitely immersive, never once did I feel a loss of involvement in the events unfolding around me. Enemies = 10/10 Plenty of variations. And to top it all off, there are dragons. Just dragons, if you take anything away from this, just know, DRAGONS.]The benchmark of the Open World RPG. Little can be said on Skyrims shortcomings as the game is an experience that any 'Gamer' should have. The world is alive and it is easy to forget the quests and become a participant in the communities of Skyrim. The game is a brilliant time-sink and it is very easy to rack up hundreds of hours of gametime. The addition of thousands of user created mods enhance your game to your liking. The modding community is active and creative and is constantly producing new and interesting mods that add hours of fun to Skyrim. I cannot speak more highly of a game.]... I lose track of time while playing this game. D:]gotta love this game :3 oblivion was cool, but i like the game play better in this one cause of DRAGONS!!!! :P]Skyrim was one of the most-anticipated games of 2011, and you can see an amazing amount of polish and detail from Bethesda in some of the changes they'd made to the engine since previous Elder Scrolls games. No 'make your own class', character progression is even more free-flowing this time around. Skills rank up and become more effective as they're utilized, with a bonus based on how well-rested your character is and which mystical standing stone you've most recently attuned to. This allows a character to jump back and forth between more-efficiently raising 'mage-style' skills, 'warrior', and 'thief' abilities. Character level increments as enough ranks are gained in these skills. Enemies level with the character, but are 'locked' at the level they were when you first entered that area. Cave of necromancers just too hard for you? Leave, come back in five levels. It means that fresh encounters will always be challenging, but rarely overwhelming. The combat/interaction mechanics are updated so that there's a right-hand/left-hand, left-click/right-click mechanic. This allows the player to wield a spell, weapon, or shield in one hand and something complementary in the other. Two versions of the same spell can eventually be 'dual-cast' to improve effects, and this mechanic also puts a new spin on the two-handed, sword-and-board, and dual-wielding melee combat. Skyrim is a very open, living realm with lots to do; so much, in fact, that it may be a tad overwhelming. Everyone wants something from the Dragonborn. There's discrete quest chains for the main storyline (Save the world from a world-eating, immortal Dragon who goes about resurrecting his dead dragonbros), the Mage's college (where a character who barely knows how to use magic can rise to the very top, not that many will notice), the Fighter's Guild (by any other name) that introduces some helpful companions and a new way of becoming something that goes bump in the night, the Assassin's Guild (with tales of love, madness, betrayal, and sticking pointy things into others), and a far-reaching, long-spanning saga for the humble Thieve's Guild of Riften that'll send you all across the continent as the stakes get higher and higher. Honestly, the last two seem to dwarf the 'real' plotline, but your mileage may differ. Aside from (and included in) those, you have any number of random minor fetch, kill, and other classic quest-types, some of which use the new semi-random-generation 'radiant' quest system. They'll never run out, and rarely repeat, but generally are just there so that you know you can always do quests; they're rarely worth it. So, whether you want to play a stealth-based archaelogist trying to snatch precious Nord treasures from the powerful undead Draugr guarding them, a shield-bashing, axe-swinging juggernaut with shouts powered by the stolen souls of freshly re-killed dragons, or a crafty mage with a penchant for bringing in Daedra friends to do her bidding, Skyrim's got options for you. There's rough spots, there's high points, but it's a great example of a proficient studio kicking out a AAA flagship title. As for DLCs, I'll likely review those on their own.]Very addicting game. It is a must have for all action seekers out there. There are so many things to explore in the game. I love it after finally experiencing my first elder scrolls game.]Beautiful Graphics: The Interactive Experience press left and right click to kill things and follow the arrow to win! (in all seriousness, streamlining this series for easier access is slowly killing it, and what we will soon have if this trend continues are amazing looking games with loads of stuff to do but with the story and the complexity of a game made for 5 year olds. this is a good, well made game, but is sincerely lacking in many areas, namely story, acting, npc quality, lack of character development, lack of lasting impact in the world, lack of real conflict and consequence to your actions, and simply lack of that certain charm Elder Scrolls games always seemed to have. even Oblivion had that certain charm, and some say it was even more terrible with its streamlining. all in all, good game, most will disregard this review, but I yearn for the complexities and just extreme effort that Bethesda put into Morrowind to resurface someday.) 7.5/10]I'd recommend this game to people who loves fantasy games and fantasy movies. The story-line is fantastic and the game itself is just beautiful!]You can play this game over and over again trying different builds (though I mostly end up being a sneaky archer and swords man). This game never gets boring, and if it does somehow, there's a ton of addons and mods you can choose from (My personal favourite in terms of user mods: Helgen Reborn). Over all this game will fill many hours, as long as you fully play it (meaning not just rushing the main quest). There are many nice side quests that are often better then the main quest (The thives guild quest IMO for example). The DLCs Dragonborn (Having started the Elder Scrolls with Morrowind, I especially enjoyed Dragonborn) and Dawnguard add to the many quests and play time. A great game!]"Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in." - Michael Corleone Who am I kidding? I was never "out" on this game. 2 years and ~420 hours later I'm STILL finding new things to do and places to explore. Betwen Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim I've probably spent way more time than is healthy traversing the landscapes of Tamriel. And the mods available for Skyrim now have me wanting to go back to Morrowind and Oblivion, freshly modded up, for another round.]Lots of replay value, especially with the mods that you can add to this game.]Skyrim is an amazing single player action/adventure RPG, massively recommend to any who love large open worlds and open gameplay. Even if you confine yourself to just the main quest, this is still quite a large scale game. If you delve deeper into the side quests for factions, and randomized mini quests, you can easily put hundreds of hours in this game. This game is open to a lot of gamers - and difficulty is adjustable in the options so you can still play a fun game even if you aren not the quickest or slickest gamer. Combat requires you to make good decisions on default difficulty - one bad mistake and you will be dropped quick. When I state the game is open - it is in different styles as well! Skyrim has very open advancement, and many opportunities to advance your skills in either magic, combat, or stealth (or a combination of all). You are not as restricted as in previous Elder Scrolls games (and they were very open). Skyrim even has perks - skill points you can place on skills to improve their function even more than leveling up. Great for those who like skill trees! Before I hit negatives: I recommend if you intend to play this for more than the main story - research console commands (the ~/` key). I don't recommend using them to ruin the core gameplay (it is possible), but you can use them to work around certain bugs, and annoying issues that can occur and ruin your fun. On the negative side - even with the game patched up - there are bugs. I recommend highly making multiple save files, and frequently. You may play constantly without running in to bugs, but some play and constantly end up needing to reload. My playstyle is very explorative - I will get stuck in the environment and need to load again. Occasionally important - but not required - NPCs will be killed through random events and attacks. This can be frustrating when you go to a town ready to unload items for sale only to find the shop keepers body outside and a pack of death hounds nearby. Also in the negatives - The "Hoarder" gameplay style is not conducive to this game. Skyrim imposes a strict carry limit. When you exceed this limit, you slow to a crawl, and cannot run, or fast travel between places. This means you may literally spend an hour or more walking slowly from a dungeon back to town if you are a hoarder who keeps and/or sells all items! Some players tend to use the console commands to increase their carry limit - but this does defeat part of the core gameplay concept - it is your choice though. Overall - I thoroughly recommend this game. Though not as innovative as some of the other Elder Scrolls games, this is still an incredible achievment despite any bugs or issues encountered.]What to say about this game? Its fun, exciting and teaches you to fly.. after you foolishly try beating up a giant. Its got something for everyone, no matter what your favourite play style. Like charging at the enemy? grab a suitable sword and get hacking.... enjoy stealing stuff.. theives guild for you, and you can always do worse than joining the mages guild, calling yourself Tim the Enchanter and spending your days blowing up bits of the landscape, before mocking a passing party of knights. Stir in a civil war, plenty of side quests, odd jobs, not so odd jobs, and just plain weird jobs and you've already spent 100 gaming hours exploring one huge sandbox of a game world before you've even tried starting the main quest. Does the game have its faults? of course. The menu system could be better for us PC users, and the 3rd person kill cam breaks the illusion while you are in the midst of a huge battle. But all in, its worth the money and gets a Boris rating of 9 gallons of napalm out of 10.]Fun... uhh comand console and mods are great 8/10]Best open-world game out there. Graphics and gameplay are great and mods will leave you with endless replayability.]An awesome game and a must buy when it goes on sale. Why are you reading this? Go play some Skyrim!]This awesome game has so many ways to mod to your liking, and best of all when i picked it up in the sale it was only 3.47 !! what a bargin. the game story ending i thought was a little disapointing but there is so much to do outside and explore which awesome, one of the best open world games out there.]A game which could easy occupy you for 200+ hours and still would make you want to play it more. If Im not going to the mechanics of the game, Skyrim offers a unique sense to the players which gives it a strong attraction. Its not the story, graphics, music or gameplay alone. Its the combination of all of that which makes this game one of the best I've played.]Skyrim is an amazing single player action/adventure RPG, massively recommend to any who love large open worlds and open gameplay. Even if you confine yourself to just the main quest, this is still quite a large scale game. If you delve deeper into the side quests for factions, and randomized mini quests, you can easily put hundreds of hours in this game. This game is open to a lot of gamers - and difficulty is adjustable in the options so you can still play a fun game even if you aren not the quickest or slickest gamer. Combat requires you to make good decisions on default difficulty - one bad mistake and you will be dropped quick. When I state the game is open - it is in different styles as well! Skyrim has very open advancement, and many opportunities to advance your skills in either magic, combat, or stealth (or a combination of all). You are not as restricted as in previous Elder Scrolls games (and they were very open). Skyrim even has perks - skill points you can place on skills to improve their function even more than leveling up. Great for those who like skill trees! Before I hit negatives: I recommend if you intend to play this for more than the main story - research console commands (the ~/` key). I don't recommend using them to ruin the core gameplay (it is possible), but you can use them to work around certain bugs, and annoying issues that can occur and ruin your fun. On the negative side - even with the game patched up - there are bugs. I recommend highly making multiple save files, and frequently. You may play constantly without running in to bugs, but some play and constantly end up needing to reload. My playstyle is very explorative - I will get stuck in the environment and need to load again. Occasionally important - but not required - NPCs will be killed through random events and attacks. This can be frustrating when you go to a town ready to unload items for sale only to find the shop keepers body outside and a pack of death hounds nearby. Also in the negatives - The "Hoarder" gameplay style is not conducive to this game. Skyrim imposes a strict carry limit. When you exceed this limit, you slow to a crawl, and cannot run, or fast travel between places. This means you may literally spend an hour or more walking slowly from a dungeon back to town if you are a hoarder who keeps and/or sells all items! Some players tend to use the console commands to increase their carry limit - but this does defeat part of the core gameplay concept - it is your choice though. Overall - I thoroughly recommend this game. Though not as innovative as some of the other Elder Scrolls games, this is still an incredible achievment despite any bugs or issues encountered.]What to say about this game? Its fun, exciting and teaches you to fly.. after you foolishly try beating up a giant. Its got something for everyone, no matter what your favourite play style. Like charging at the enemy? grab a suitable sword and get hacking.... enjoy stealing stuff.. theives guild for you, and you can always do worse than joining the mages guild, calling yourself Tim the Enchanter and spending your days blowing up bits of the landscape, before mocking a passing party of knights. Stir in a civil war, plenty of side quests, odd jobs, not so odd jobs, and just plain weird jobs and you've already spent 100 gaming hours exploring one huge sandbox of a game world before you've even tried starting the main quest. Does the game have its faults? of course. The menu system could be better for us PC users, and the 3rd person kill cam breaks the illusion while you are in the midst of a huge battle. But all in, its worth the money and gets a Boris rating of 9 gallons of napalm out of 10.]Fun... uhh comand console and mods are great 8/10]Best open-world game out there. Graphics and gameplay are great and mods will leave you with endless replayability.]An awesome game and a must buy when it goes on sale. Why are you reading this? Go play some Skyrim!]This awesome game has so many ways to mod to your liking, and best of all when i picked it up in the sale it was only 3.47 !! what a bargin. the game story ending i thought was a little disapointing but there is so much to do outside and explore which awesome, one of the best open world games out there.]A game which could easy occupy you for 200+ hours and still would make you want to play it more. If Im not going to the mechanics of the game, Skyrim offers a unique sense to the players which gives it a strong attraction. Its not the story, graphics, music or gameplay alone. Its the combination of all of that which makes this game one of the best I've played.]The best game ever!!! :)))]10/10 How can you not reccomend this game. The scope is huge, the quests are plentiful, the gameplay and graphics are still amazing. You will lose many hours of your life with this game happily.]Words cannot describe how awesome this game is.]Skyrim - is so f*cking awesome!!!]Mod it untill it crashes simulator 2011 10/10]Aside from Battlefield 4, this has got to be my favorite game of all time. I really recommend the Elder Scrolls games to RPG fans. This game has great graphics, great gameplay, great voice acting and deserves a 10/10 rating. The game also supports mods which can be downloaded here on Steam, or on Skyrim Nexus. Mods for Skyrim can be created using the Creation Kit. Overall, this is a great game that I really reccomend for RPG fans. :]]You can drive a warhammer into a man's brain and they still dont give two . I love this game.]Why should I even write a review for this game. BUY IT. NOW. RIGHT NOW.]I recommend this game. Bethesda have desgined and created a true masterpiece. The Elder Scrolls series is some really great lore, the feel it has is so immersive, more so to our own I feel, and I have to say, slightly more so than J.R.R Tolkiens lore on middle earth. Skyrims feel is no diffrent to the other games in the franchise, altho I must admit I haven't had the pleasure of expieriencing any of them other than a small 1 hour, 1 death play of Morrowind, Skyrim, of course, in fact I believe to have over 2000 hours of gameplay in Skyrim, as I play on the Xbox 360 most of my time, and my fellow brethren allow me to indulge them in some lore and I'll do some roleplay with their character which we don't mind. Oblivion also, I've had many an adventure in the realm of oblivion and Cyrodill, I even have the game manual and every DLC, paid full price as on the XBOX. Probally countless more hours on that game, and I'm definatley familiar with lore in The Elder Scrolls, however, the freedom and power that come with playing and being immersed in an Elder Scrolls game is unlike any other, thanks to bethesda softworks and many other countless reasons :OO: the impact it has on the way at least I think, is significant, makes me want to roleplay,and I shall set out and weave my own fate, outsatanding..... :') If you play skyrim, and your rig, whatever you play on. be it laptop, linux I think you can run it on? Mac, anything I guess, if its about the average, I say you definatley should get some mods running with skyrim, it only matters that you have the right and required system/rig, to run it on IF you want graphical mods, or highly increase data and such, otherwise, not so important. You would want to go to Nexus mods and community, on the web, and search on catorgorys for anything your interested in. Also before I tell you what I have, you will need to know how to install mods, if you don't already know, of course if you are unsure of anything you may not want to mess anything up or waste your time to try it, for a great guide on how to do almost everything with mods, search YouTube for Gopher, and watch his video on, well anything, hes a great guy and he explains all you need to know better than most people do that I've seen haha. Hope you get through that alright, and really, if your under 10 years old, which its sort of illegal or breaking some rules if you are, to play the game exetra, you might find it hard to understand, skip things and not do what you need to correctly, causing things to get messy and possibly broken. Don't take shortcuts (follow the guidence/trail) you can ask me anything on the matter too I'd be happy to oblige. Personally I have many* about 50 immersion modifications (mods) and more gameplay effects and changes, also maybe 5 overhauls, one for each, audio, combat, skills, enviroment, gameplay, and a complicated one. Well its a long list of around 600 alltogether modifications, bare in mind that some of theese are about 3kb in size, so i could somehow merge together all the files ive found and downloaded and get to only have 50 or so mods, but not really necesary, with Nexus Mod Manager. Basically, modifications personalise to your dreams and taste, give you what you want and possibly more, there are about 25'000 modifications to be found on the site and many more to come, you can always create and add yourself, Skyrim is endless then and truely magnificicant. If we were to modify older TES games it just wouldnt live up to Skyrim modded as it is down to technology, but can give you endless more time playing with excitement and emotion, and even merging other realms, ooohhh hah (: so much to tell you I could, I guess if you want to know more I'd be a good start to ask on, and your welcome to. It is a great life expierience to explore and adventure Skyrim, turn HUD off at the start if I were you, to be more immersed, and if you will add mods, play through the beggining untill you are 'Unbound' and start to configure, and do not forget to save! Oh that's another thing, if you have more than 4 saves it usuallyy caused loads of problems, like Crash To Desktop and corruption with data, that sort, so limit your saves wisely. Just to say, there is a mod made for Skyrim, for littrally 60% of what ever you think of, and if not, make it :), hardly limmeted, I dont know how to say to people that they should start playing it... If you, are hungry for adventure, seek the land of Skyrim! Fare well..]This game lets you go absolutely nuts with character creation and customization. It also features one of the worst endings I've ever experienced. The Workshop integration is amazeballs. Overall: 9/10.]Playing Skyrim is like driving drunk, you never know when you're gonna crash.]Mod it until it crashes.]Step 1: Download Game Step 2: Download Mods Step 3: Download More Mods Steps 4-217: (See steps 2 and 3) Step 5: Play game (or maybe more mods) What you can do with mods: -Make followers sexy? Check -Mod the hell out of the graphics? Check -Marry Serana? Check -Bang Serana? Check -Bang (insert any character's name here)? Check -Punish guards for complaining about arrows in the knee? Oh yes. Infinity/10]Sooooo fun, better with DLC, mods add infinite replayability. One of my favourite games.]its call of duty but with less shouting]Described a slightly amusing antic within the game and put 10/10 at the end. 10/10]This is possibly the best elder scrolls game ever. It has improved or added features from other games. I would know. In the direct predecessor, Oblivion You can do many things such as join guilds and organizations like the Dark brotherhood, The Thieves guild or The Blades. In Skyrim There are changes, Such as the fighters guild in Skyrim is called the companions, I know these arent the same groups but they do the same things. And the Mages guild is the College of Winterhold. There are also very nice DLCs for this game such as the Dawnguard or Dragonborn DLCs. The Dawnguard DLC adds the ability to become a vampire lord as well as perks for the vampire lord and werewolf. It also adds a questline where you have to fight the vampire menace by killing one of the most powerful vampire lords in Tamriel, you do this by getting a magic bow to stop the vampires from getting rid of the sun. You also have the choice to join the vampires and block the sun temporarily so that you dont get negative effect from it. That sums Dawnguard up. Now lets get on to Dragonborn. In the Dragonborn DLC you get many new things such as shouts, armor, weapons, There is also another new quest line. In this one you fight Miraak, The first dragonborn. You go to the island of Solstheim to find out why cultist tried to kill you and you run into some trouble along the way. You have to learn the shouts that made Miraak so powerful. It is mainly one shout, called Bend will. With this shout you have the power of flying dragons. Cool huh? You have to go to the Daedric lord Hermaeus Mora to learn this shout. You also meet the Skalls, a people consisting of Nords that believe in a god called the All-Maker. That sums that one up. The is a minor DLC called Hearthfire that adds the ability to adopt children and build your own house but that is mainly it. The modding community also are a very important part in this game. They make many fixes to the main game and also enhances it. There has been many mods that patch parts of the game that make it 100 times better. That sums Skyrim up. If I was giving this a number rating then I would give it a 9.7 out of 10.]I purchased and started this game after at least 7 yrs of playing Morrowind. The World (Tamriel) is a place I fell in love with due to it's intricacies and flora and fauna (tho the fauna does like to try and eat you from time to time). The Storyline in Skyrim is attentive to the world view that ALL the Elder Scroll games seem to follow and that makes it a very enjoyable trip. Admittedly, I have made use of one or two mods with the game (Glowing Books, Better Crafting, more salt, and a couple of house mods for Breezehome, Lakeview and the one up north outside of Solitude...in Hjaalmarch) but am generally running the storyline and as many sidequests as I can. As you can see, to this point I have invested 194+ hours into it and it still keeps me entertained. I have enjoyed the scaling of combat to my level, keeping me challenged. SOME of the NPC voice sets and even graphics tend to get used over and over, but to draw and voice THAT many individuals would have required a full on Hollywood budget to make this game. I love how the story leads you around the world, but doesn't limit your choices while exploring. The side quests really make this an "Explorers Nirvana", and yet still offers more than enough combat for even the most battle loving gamer. For ANY players (both old school and newer folk) who enjoy a great solo adventure, and one that can really immerse you into the story, this is yet another smash hit for Bethesda. Welcome to Tamriel, grab a sword and follow me. . . .]I highly recommend this game if you like to go on an adventure and slay dragons. I made many unforgettable memories in this game.]A modder's paradise and hell all in one package. And trust me, you're gonna want to be modding this game as soon as possible.]This game is a must ! Although that i didn't play the game for too long but it's amazing and i am going to spend a lot of time on it ! It's the best damn RPG Open World game out there ! Go buy it ! NOW ! Only costs 20$ for this masterpiece ! Also if you have some money lying around i recommend going with the Legendary Edition like i did since it has all the DLC.]If this game was a potato it would be a good potato 15/10]Still haven't beat any story missions...]Vikings. Mountains. Snow. Backwards flying dragons. Looks pretty. And a lot of people apparently voiced by Arnold Schwarzenegger. I felt I had seen it all after 30 hours, but what makes the PC version superior is MODS. I always wanted to ride a Chicken. tenouttaten]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review PROS -Awesome story -Amazing modding community -Immresive -So many things to see and do -Lots of lore CONS -Can be very glitchy -Default textures look kinda gross OVERALL An amazing experience that everyone should have in their Steam Library. A must play! MY SCORE 9.5 out of 10]Paid mods are gone, 10/10 not have to pay again.]This game is really amazing. It's almost 4 years old and still plays and looks great. Definitely buy this game.]I now, in all good conscience can re recommend Skyrim. Here's to hoping Valve and Bethesda have learned from this massive mistake, but I wouldn't count on it. There's always Doom 4, Fallout 4 and TES VI. Happy (free) modding, everyone.]The only game where you can have an adventurous life after marriage. 10/10]This game is truely amazing. I have a hard time stopping onceI start and the storyline is completely and utterly diverse and through. I would recommend this game to anybody.]Skyrim is an amazing game 10/10 I give it a huge thumbs up: .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"::::\ .........."""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"::::::::::\ ...................\::::::::::::::::::::::]This game isn't dragon down my fun]The benchmark of the Open World RPG. Little can be said on Skyrims shortcomings as the game is an experience that any 'Gamer' should have. The world is alive and it is easy to forget the quests and become a participant in the communities of Skyrim. The game is a brilliant time-sink and it is very easy to rack up hundreds of hours of gametime. The addition of thousands of user created mods enhance your game to your liking. The modding community is active and creative and is constantly producing new and interesting mods that add hours of fun to Skyrim. I cannot speak more highly of a game.]This game is amazing. There is so much stuff that you can do. I have been playing for ^ and i have not even goten close to finishing all the side quest. But there are some giches so be perpard. the that it is a Bethesda seys that, but it also seys that they spent alot of time of this game and it amazing. A game with so meny good things is bound to have some problems. It was made it 2011 for crying out loud. Any ways YOU should pick up this game, buy it, its 30$ but its worth 60$. There are no words for the AMAZINGNESS of this game.]kill dragons without wearing clothes 11/10]This is truly one of the best games I have ever played. An epic tale that allows you to play it however you want to. Along with Steam Community and an entire modding community behind Skyrim, the possibilities and adventures are endless. If you have not tried out the epicness of Skyrim, I recommend picking it and living it yourself.]why are you reading a skyrim review when you could (and should) play skyrim instead?]Thank you for removing paid mods.]Skies with rims. Thomas the Tank Engine mod. Cheese shout mod. Made by Bethesda. Not made by EA. 10/10]Most Of The Time I Just Walk Half Naked In The Snow 10/10]Great game!]I have 8.60gb of mods for this game and I intend to get more. This is why I havent beaten the game yet.]This game contains adventure.......suspence dragons women and sweet rolls!]Mod it untill it crashes simulator 2011 10/10]Instead of reviving dead dragons, their bodies go flying off in some direction. Like a ragdoll. 10/10]Why should I even write a review for this game. BUY IT. NOW. RIGHT NOW.]Aside from Battlefield 4, this has got to be my favorite game of all time. I really recommend the Elder Scrolls games to RPG fans. This game has great graphics, great gameplay, great voice acting and deserves a 10/10 rating. The game also supports mods which can be downloaded here on Steam, or on Skyrim Nexus. Mods for Skyrim can be created using the Creation Kit. Overall, this is a great game that I really reccomend for RPG fans. :]]You can drive a warhammer into a man's brain and they still dont give two . I love this game.]This game is in my personal top 10. i have owned it on all 3 platform,s beat it uncountible times and to this day still enjoy playing it. if you dont own it GET IT ASAP]This game lets you go absolutely nuts with character creation and customization. It also features one of the worst endings I've ever experienced. The Workshop integration is amazeballs. Overall: 9/10.]Playing Skyrim is like driving drunk, you never know when you're gonna crash.]Mod it until it crashes.]Step 1: Download Game Step 2: Download Mods Step 3: Download More Mods Steps 4-217: (See steps 2 and 3) Step 5: Play game (or maybe more mods) What you can do with mods: -Make followers sexy? Check -Mod the hell out of the graphics? Check -Marry Serana? Check -Bang Serana? Check -Bang (insert any character's name here)? Check -Punish guards for complaining about arrows in the knee? Oh yes. Infinity/10]Sooooo fun, better with DLC, mods add infinite replayability. One of my favourite games.]its call of duty but with less shouting]Described a slightly amusing antic within the game and put 10/10 at the end. 10/10]This is possibly the best elder scrolls game ever. It has improved or added features from other games. I would know. In the direct predecessor, Oblivion You can do many things such as join guilds and organizations like the Dark brotherhood, The Thieves guild or The Blades. In Skyrim There are changes, Such as the fighters guild in Skyrim is called the companions, I know these arent the same groups but they do the same things. And the Mages guild is the College of Winterhold. There are also very nice DLCs for this game such as the Dawnguard or Dragonborn DLCs. The Dawnguard DLC adds the ability to become a vampire lord as well as perks for the vampire lord and werewolf. It also adds a questline where you have to fight the vampire menace by killing one of the most powerful vampire lords in Tamriel, you do this by getting a magic bow to stop the vampires from getting rid of the sun. You also have the choice to join the vampires and block the sun temporarily so that you dont get negative effect from it. That sums Dawnguard up. Now lets get on to Dragonborn. In the Dragonborn DLC you get many new things such as shouts, armor, weapons, There is also another new quest line. In this one you fight Miraak, The first dragonborn. You go to the island of Solstheim to find out why cultist tried to kill you and you run into some trouble along the way. You have to learn the shouts that made Miraak so powerful. It is mainly one shout, called Bend will. With this shout you have the power of flying dragons. Cool huh? You have to go to the Daedric lord Hermaeus Mora to learn this shout. You also meet the Skalls, a people consisting of Nords that believe in a god called the All-Maker. That sums that one up. The is a minor DLC called Hearthfire that adds the ability to adopt children and build your own house but that is mainly it. The modding community also are a very important part in this game. They make many fixes to the main game and also enhances it. There has been many mods that patch parts of the game that make it 100 times better. That sums Skyrim up. If I was giving this a number rating then I would give it a 9.7 out of 10.]I purchased and started this game after at least 7 yrs of playing Morrowind. The World (Tamriel) is a place I fell in love with due to it's intricacies and flora and fauna (tho the fauna does like to try and eat you from time to time). The Storyline in Skyrim is attentive to the world view that ALL the Elder Scroll games seem to follow and that makes it a very enjoyable trip. Admittedly, I have made use of one or two mods with the game (Glowing Books, Better Crafting, more salt, and a couple of house mods for Breezehome, Lakeview and the one up north outside of Solitude...in Hjaalmarch) but am generally running the storyline and as many sidequests as I can. As you can see, to this point I have invested 194+ hours into it and it still keeps me entertained. I have enjoyed the scaling of combat to my level, keeping me challenged. SOME of the NPC voice sets and even graphics tend to get used over and over, but to draw and voice THAT many individuals would have required a full on Hollywood budget to make this game. I love how the story leads you around the world, but doesn't limit your choices while exploring. The side quests really make this an "Explorers Nirvana", and yet still offers more than enough combat for even the most battle loving gamer. For ANY players (both old school and newer folk) who enjoy a great solo adventure, and one that can really immerse you into the story, this is yet another smash hit for Bethesda. Welcome to Tamriel, grab a sword and follow me. . . .]I used to have a life like you, but then I bought Skyrim from Steam.]One of the best open world games I have ever played, with an active modding community to keep you entertained for hundreds of hours. Pros +Huge open world with loads of dungeons and interesting areas to explore and enjoy. +Even though its a few years old now, it is still eye candy everywhere you go and if you want an even more impressive boost of graphics thier is a mod for that. +Loads of new lore to keep fans of the elder scrolls lore happy. +Steam workshop. This is by far the best part about playing Skyrim on PC. The steam workshop allows you to mod skyrim in so many different ways. Whether it be adding new weapons/armour, more dungeons, player homes, mounts, races, skills, towns, quests, creatures, graphical increases, and pretty much anything else you can think of. =There are bugs in the game much like most bethesda games, however none of these(as far as I know) are game breaking and are actually mostly just humourous. Cons -Though the story dialog is good, in alot of instances I feel disconnected to the conversation or cutscene style dialog and feel more like a ghost floating around a room watching it happen. Final thoughts This is a must have game if you own a pc, even if you have played it on console in the past, it is a whole new game once you dip into the modding community, not to mention it looks great. You could even wait for a sale to pick it up since it is a very popular sale item and goes on sale almost every seasonal/holiday sale.]Well goodbye schoolwork and grades this game is so amazing my eyes were spilling red from my sockets from are awsome but all in all most of the time you will forget the time of the day when you play it]Where is all the dragons? I give 1o/1O]You probably already know that the Game is awesome.]Love the story, love the mythology, love the gameplay, love the adventures and the immersion (art, scenery, landscapes, music!). You just want... to... keep... playing! My 'best-friend' game in these last months. :)]Skyrim's biggest strength as a game and why it continues to be relevant and popular years after release is Bethesda's support for the modding community. With the ability to modify any and every aspect of the game you could imagine, the opportunities available are endless and the final result: a custom gameplay experience created by and for the player. To put the story of Skyrim simply, you discover you are the legendary Dragonborn of myth. Your fate is to stop Alduin the World Eater who has returned from 'eternal slumber', resurrecting his fellow dragons with him and is set on enslaving the world. The main quest line is enjoyable but with the Elder Scrolls series, saving the world can be put on infinite hiatus if you so choose. This freedom of choice is what defines Skyrim and aids in multiple playthroughs with various characters. I would HIGHLY recommend the avenue of modding to gain the most out of your Skyrim experience. This is not always easy work. Managing mods, editing ini files, resolving conflicts and troubleshooting CTDs are some of the work you will face. But the rewards will more than make up for it. For a game released in 2011, you can transform Skyrim into a beautiful masterpiece. If you chose not to mod some of Skyrim's flaws will become apparent: The UI is designed with controller support in mind and is not optimised for Mouse + Keyboard. Combat can become boring and repetitive with too simple base mechanics in place. Graphically some textures show their age with low res models and lighting issues. Missing out on all that realism and immersion. ( ) I recommend the Legendary Edition over the base game. The individual DLCs do not get heavily discounted (to date) and include a decent amount of additional content. Certain mods will require you own all or particular DLC.]Skyrim is an open-world RPG set in the Elder Scrolls Universe. As the fifth installment of such a well known and influential series, it is certainly the 'biggest and best' so to speak. Looking at a game this large from a top down perspective would be rather difficult though; so lets split it into sections, shall we? Too long; Didn't read: I recommend this game to somebody who wants an adventure, because this game is just that, focused on exploring and trying to become a part of the long Elder Scrolls Story. If you want a difficult journey that will test you as a player, then maybe try Monster Hunter or Dark Souls. Section I: The World~ In terms of real world size Skyrim is nothing to scoff at, because its total explorable world size tops out at around 14.8 square miles, or 23.81 kilometers. Scattered among this massive countryside are bandit encampments, wolf-packs, and many of baddies and treasures. A major threat plaguing the land of Skyrim (to go without saying too much) is dragons, and many of these colossal beasts can be found while exploring. Such size can not be achieved without some downfalls, and many of these include: Recycled voices- many of the voices are recycled and many of the aforementioned bandits repeat the same tired lines and I'll kill yous. 'Same-y' Towns- I personally didn't find the towns super enjoyable, many of the characters seemed to have their heads mostly in the cloud, and what they had to say was muddled, as if some big troll walked through during the loading screen and clubbed everybody once or twice. Similar Encounters- enemies and other creatures in Skyrim are placed determined by a random list, this often leads to predictable and repeated enemies, for example: 'in my plathrough I was wandering through the mountains when suddenly I heard a noise behind me, and found an ice troll charging towards me, after a protracted battle I finally slayed it, over the next hour exploring the mountains I ran into four or five more trolls; of which almost every single battle went in the same direction', this leads into the next point in the review. Section II : Combat and Skills~ Skyrim's combat system is, to put it frankly, very simple, and there is not much room for player skill. In RPG games one of the main components of difficulty is the distance between 'Player Strength' and 'Avatar Strength', this leads to my main gripe with Skyrim. There is an immense gap between the two, the extent of the 'Player Strength' I found necessary was to mash the my left mouse button while occasionally using the shield bash skill I used. After a while I grew kind of tired of my 'ole sword and board' build, so I decided to try my luck as an archer, I was genuinely unimpressed by the unsatisfying archery. During my first bandit encounter I decided shoot him with my bow, my first shot landed dead between his eyes; unfortunately this not only didn't kill him, but only made him angry. I shot many more arrows into face and after somewhere between seven to ten-ish arrows he kind of weakly slumped over. Needless to say I found this very unsatisfying, and magic fared slightly but not much better. The skill tree on the other hand, impressed me quite a bit, and I was pleasantly pleased with the sheer size and aesthetically appealing skill tree. Leveling up is satisfying, and I did feel a constant drive to hit the next level and max out all my skills. Section III: NPCs The NPCs only real purpose seems to be fodder enemies and to give you quests which they certainly fulfill, NPCs are plentiful and almost every non-hostile NPC with a name (IE: not bandits or guards or such) has a quest for you at some point which is good and gives the player something to do at all times. My biggest gripes with the NPCs are the children, I despise every single child in the game, their voices are obnoxious and grating, they all seem to share the same ~five or six lines, and worst of all, there is nothing you can do about it, they are immortal. To say without spoiling much, one of the first towns you can visit has a Jarl, who is basically the ruler of the town, and his kids repeat the same things every time you pass them. Final Thoughts: For a journey, it works very well, the world is large and lush, there is plenty to do, exploration is fun, and there is a sense of unity. The graphics are nice for its time, and I personally believe they still hold up today. Combat eventually begins to feel dull and repetitive, but that is to be expected, this isn't a game focused on deep and involved combat mechanics. My final rating is 8/10, definitely worth a purchase, I hope this review is helps you decide whether or not this would be a helpful purchase for you.]Coming from a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim wasn't a disappointment. The story and concept of Skyrim was interesting, dark, mysterious, well-written and an enjoyable experience. Even through a low-quality texture here and there, or a misplaced static object and black texture glitch- I don't see them as that much of a problem. Even though at times you can mutter to yourself, 'Damn it, Bethesda!'... these problems are easily fixable by the modding community. The modding community of Skyrim is well supported by Bethesda. The modding community adds a lot more content, a lot more quests, more NPCs, or certain bug fixes that Bethesda overlooked. Skyrim is not a disappointing game for someone like me who has enjoyed Oblivion and Morrowind. Skyrim was different. Bethesda did a great job at making Skyrim look beautiful, but at the same time cold, unforgiving and dangerous. All-in-all Skyrim is an epic game with a well-written and diverse story. The DLCs were great, Skyrim in general is great, there is not much else to say here. :)]I highly recommend this game if you like to go on an adventure and slay dragons. I made many unforgettable memories in this game.]A modder's paradise and hell all in one package. And trust me, you're gonna want to be modding this game as soon as possible.]This game is a must ! Although that i didn't play the game for too long but it's amazing and i am going to spend a lot of time on it ! It's the best damn RPG Open World game out there ! Go buy it ! NOW ! Only costs 20$ for this masterpiece ! Also if you have some money lying around i recommend going with the Legendary Edition like i did since it has all the DLC.]If this game was a potato it would be a good potato 15/10]Still haven't beat any story missions...]Vikings. Mountains. Snow. Backwards flying dragons. Looks pretty. And a lot of people apparently voiced by Arnold Schwarzenegger. I felt I had seen it all after 30 hours, but what makes the PC version superior is MODS. I always wanted to ride a Chicken. tenouttaten]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Review PROS -Awesome story -Amazing modding community -Immresive -So many things to see and do -Lots of lore CONS -Can be very glitchy -Default textures look kinda gross OVERALL An amazing experience that everyone should have in their Steam Library. A must play! MY SCORE 9.5 out of 10]Paid mods are gone, 10/10 not have to pay again.]This game is really amazing. It's almost 4 years old and still plays and looks great. Definitely buy this game.]I now, in all good conscience can re recommend Skyrim. Here's to hoping Valve and Bethesda have learned from this massive mistake, but I wouldn't count on it. There's always Doom 4, Fallout 4 and TES VI. Happy (free) modding, everyone.]Paid mods removed - recommendation reestablished]A fantastic, large, open world RPG with infinite quest-lines and constant replayability, thanks in great part to the strong modding community :D]This is an incredible game. Now that the debacle with the paid mods is over, I have no reservations recommending this to anyone who hasn't played it. Whether you're an rpg fan or not, this is a game everyone should try out. Even without mods this is a great game, but the active modding community turns this masterpiece into a living, breathing world that you cannot walk away from.]One best PC games ever! Make your way to the fantastic imaginary Skyrim, and play the role you want in a totally open world you-decide-game. Graphics are good, and the High Res Pack (free) make it even more beatiful. You can play it even with older cards, with good resolution. I recommend this to all Elder Scrolls and RPGs fans.]OH YEAH! One of the most lively game of all time! Do you wanna finish this game?  YOU saying Skyrim! This game is infinite and you can play and play and play how much your heart desires! Do you like your life? This boring life? NO!? So play Skyrim, Skyrim will replace ur life! I dont have enough words to say that is freaking awesome! I rated it 11/10! Ammmm... Wait! I changed my mind, in this game no sex scenes, and I can`t Molest kids or animals( And graphis a little bit sucks, and I can`t poop in this game, and inventory uncomfortable and... and... ahhhhhhh... Fine! 9.5/10 This is true and fair rate for this peace of life simulator in Russia with Nords, magic, dragons, dungeons, treasures and bags!]Bought game and get warmed by wildfire of last reviews from paid mod haters. 10/10 Would warm again. Also acquired few mods for 10$ bucks.]Now that Valve/Bethesda has removed the whole paid mods, i can now give this a positive. But I still have my eyes on you Valve.]You hate big giant damn spiders? dont need to worry, just change the Spiders with bears mod and youre done. I can finally play this game without be freakin scared for spiders! 11/10 would bear again]dis game is great i love it and you should too]This generation's "The Best RPG & mFPS" Must be played by everyone who is living on this earth.]One of the best RPGs I have played with mods.]Let this be a reminder to those who would threaten our homes and our community. On this day a great battle was won against a tyranny of paid mods. We honor Chesko, a great mod author who fell victim to this. May he rest in peace. Those of us who were far too harsh had no closer a target in our sights. May we remember the good times of him and the great mods he brought to us. May we keep the community free and open to all. May we donate the money we do not need to those who spend so much time on these mods, so that nothing like this ever happens again. We have won, my friends and can recommend skyrim once more. 'Tis a great game made even greater with mods. Mods that anyone can use.]This is an updated review. I gave it a negative review due to Steam putting a paywall around the most popular mods and the workshop in general. Now that Steam has lifted this, I am willing to give the game a positive review again. Hopefully, Valve learned its lesson from "Modgate". Overall for the game, the Vanilla game is a fun experience, but mods have made it into a game that I can delve hours into at a time without shame. Thank God these mods are free!!! :)]Notable features Villagers will defend their livestock to the death Not TES:Online You can wear a dress as a dude Dragons, probably Teleport to places you've previously been More dialogue than anyone has time for Dwarves UPDATE: Dwarves have been removed. They left the dwarf dungeons in though, lol. Probably a bug Giant-powered suborbital transport (Warning: fatal) I saw this game at walmart once and I regret not buying it then because that was ~2 months more of my life I had to spend without Skyrim. This game has nasty big spiders and is thus not for the faint of heart. However, those who can brave its perilous catacombs may find themselves engrossed in the world's rich lore and complex societal dynamics. Or not. Skyrim's NPCs have acquired a reputation for stupidity somehow. Let me set the record straight. Their pathfinding and dialogue are both top notch. For example, after aiding my brave mage in slaying a dragon, a guard complained about being assigned guard duty rather than an exciting job such as, for example, killing dragons. I've never seen a character in any game with such a well programmed simulacrum of short term memory loss. Every NPC has an assortment of such flaws integrated into their behavior, which makes them feel much more human and relatable. Nobody's perfect, after all. But you have the option to stave off your crippling imperfection by buying TES V: Skyrim.]This game is awesome. I had it for the PS3, beat it and thought I would play it on my PC because it's just that good. I bought the bundle pack with the DLC so I am excited to play them all! I dont even do the main quests, I just like wandering around and going into caves etc and fighting enemies and finding some pretty sweet items (most of which I sell for money). Did I mention dragons? I love dragons, it makes sad that I have to kill them but nonethless, they died with honour. Oh, and there's some pretty funny glitches.]The best RPG i ever played.]THIS IS OPEN WORLD]Sky's the rimit]its a game. 10/10]With an endless possibility of adventure, and a great modding community, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best RPGs ever made. However, it suffers from rehashed dungeons and character models, along with familiar scenery in some places. None of that is enough to draw away from the incredible depth, scale, and intensity of Tamriel. The province of Skyrim is an incredible place to trek, but many of the events that happen in the game feel immersive at first, before revealing themselves to be a similar, if not exactly the same, endeavor each time. For example; a fugitive runs up and gives you a sword and a threat. This makes you feel like you're in a living, breathing world, only to have that breath extinguished when you realize it'll be the same situation again and again and again as long as a fugitive needs your help. Rehashed content is the only drawback to an otherwise truly one of a kind RPG.]I used to be an adventurer like you.. then i bought skyrim]An exciting storyline and very addictive gameplay, combined with modding this game will last you a very long time.]Killed a dragon, Ate his soul, Married a lizard man, Became a cannibal, Ate Nazeem, Ate my husband, Joined the imperial army, Ate Ulfric Stormcloak, 10/10]I can personally attest to the fact that Skyrim deserves all the hype it's gotten. One of my favorite aspects of the game is the fact that it isn't a mainstream, overly-colorful, slightly too fantasy-oriented RPG, that ends up being a bit cheesy. Instead, Skyrim has created a beautiful, yet rugged world in which anything is possible (especially with mods), and provides enough realism and strategy to be intense, while still being a fantastic, mythical experience that leaves you awe struck and nerd-gasming. Play this game, I beg you.]If Skyrim was a cat, it would be a pretty okay cat. 10/10]There's just so much stuff to do on this game, it's absolutely fascinating. Edit: Wow, I can't believe the amount of negative reviews since the "paying for mods" thing. It was only a project that didn't even last and a lot of the great mods were still free. I also always thought people used nexus mods instead of the workshop...]goat's riding dragons and killing everything in my game. yes.]Skyrim is an amazing game 10/10 I give it a huge thumbs up: .......................,,-~*~,, ......................./:.:.:.:.:.| ......................|;.;.;.;.;./ ......................|.;.;.;.;.| ............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.| .........,,-":.:.:.:."~-,;.;.;.| ........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;..",, ......,-":.:.:.:.:.""-,,/;.;.;.;.;.", .....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;| ...../"":.:.:.:.:.:.:""\;.;.;.;.;.," ....\",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\ .....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\ .......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,"::::\ .........."""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-"::::::::::\ ...................\::::::::::::::::::::::]This game contains adventure.......suspence dragons women and sweet rolls!]One of the best games i have played in my life. And you NEEDD to play this game.]Do I recomend this game... HELL YES! I've been so busy playing the game, I never wrote a review, I have played this game far more than any other game I have tried, and with all the mods from various places, the game possabillites are endless. I would get into some of my personal mods I am using, but I will spare you the details other than possible infestations and pregnancies. The balance of the Vanilla game is great, and it happens to be a great starter for one to play. I use the Creation Kit to make changes so I don't have to run to town before getting half way through a single "dungeon", and I tried on several aspects to increase rank wise for aditional perks in different areas. Like for use of 4 enchantments instead of 2, but it is set up where you can only up it once, not 3 times, so was forced to hit 4 directly. And same thing with increased carriing capacity, allows for only a single upgrade to it. Am still a novice, or I would change the base settings to add more branches off that one. Once you learn the controls, that are quite simple, game play is smooth, combat is not really my thing in most games, but in this game, it keeps me going back for more, on a regular bassis, Difficulty is moddable while in game, even in battle, to make the boss fights a bit easier if needed... Ok, there is just too much for me to say about this game, and after speaking with friends, this is the last True "Elder Scrolls" game, as the Online version totally sucks, and not even made by the same team that made this game, shame shame... Anyway, This is the game I play, as my times show, and will continue to grow as time wears on, and new mods become available as 3rd party content, I will add it to my game such as,"Become a Lord" in my case, Lady... Should just say Jarl so there is no gender differientials... Ok, back to my game, Have to Kill Aulduin for the 10th time....]Thank you for removing paid mods.]why are you reading a skyrim review when you could (and should) play skyrim instead?]Skyrim is an amazing game released by Bethesda 4 years ago. It is the 5th game in the Elder Scrolls series. I have only played Skyrim (TES 5), Oblivion (TES 4) and Morrowind (TES 3). Skyrim is a game with a lot a re-playability, so unless you have no patience, then you'll enjoy it. Allthough it can get very repetative sometimes. One of my friends describes it as going into dungeons and killing Draugr. The main focus is around the dragons, which have returned after the Oblivion Crisis. I highly recommend this as it is now quite cheap and so are the DLC which let you ride dragons, become a vampire lord and build houses among many other things. Can't wait for the next Elder Scrolls game. (not Online, that's daylight robbery)]The province of Skyrim might be frigid, but the role-playing game that takes place within it burns with a fire few games possess. In The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you take up arms against dragons, and your encounters with them are invariably exciting--yet depending on where your adventure takes you, such battles may not even represent the pinnacle of your experience. A side quest that starts as a momentary distraction may turn into a full-fledged tale that could form the entirety of a less ambitious game. Yes, Skyrim is another enormous fantasy RPG from a developer that specializes in them, and it could suck up hundreds of hours of your time as you inspect each nook and crevasse for the secrets to be found within. If you know Bethesda Softworks' previous games, you might be unsurprised that Skyrim is not a land without blemish, but rather harbors any number of technical glitches and frustrating idiosyncrasies that tear open the icy veil that blankets the land. Many of them are ones Elder Scrolls fans will probably see coming, but they're ultimately a low price to pay for the wonders of a game this sprawling and enthralling. Prepare for many sleepless nights to come.]I'm a nord. I have an axe. "Oh, is that a giant? Doesn't look so tough." Hi. I'm a spacerocket. 10/10.]This is my review which lists the pros and cons of, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, for the PC. I've beaten this game three times outside of Steam, and I don't just mean the main quest... I'll mainly try to review the modless version of the game, but I really will try to emphasise how mods can enhance the game and every aspect of it. I'll try to be as descriptive and helpful as I can, while still maintaining that checklist flow. This should sum up just about everything that needs to be said in one review. If anyone has any pros/cons they think I should add, go ahead and tell me in the comments and I'll adjust the material accordingly. Some of these on the list will only be recognizeable by fans of the previous Elder Scrolls games, but they'll be subtle. Here goes... *Pros? +The amazing open world of Skyrim to explore +Decent and immersive story to follow for each questline +Graphics look simply amazing, they're not too extensive on the hardware, and there are plenty of mods to enhance them +Fast travel is an available option once you discover a location, and there are countless locations to discover +Epic soundtrack composed by the well known Jeremy Soule to enjoy +Countless of NPC's to interact with +Unlike Morrowind, this game has more than a single digit of voice actors, haha +Plenty of followers/companions to follow you on your adventures +Tons of factions to join +Countless of quests, sidequests, and misc. quests for you to do +Your actions, choices, faction activies, progress, etc. all have an impact on Skyrim, it's people, and you +A 'crime and effect'/bounty system +Ability to interact with the Daedra Princes +A massive amount of items available in-game +A massive amount of different creatures and enemies for you to fight, and plenty of 'boss' fights available +Plenty of playstyles to choose from (e.g. warrior, thief, mage, craftsman, etc.) +The ability to become a vampire or werewolf, which is very well done (both have their own skill trees) +Tons of skills to level and expand on, there are branching skill tree perks (they've added aspects to the skill tree that can expand the max level to 252+, instead of the original 81) +A difficulty slider for 5 different difficulties- can be changed any time in-game +Amazing character creation (e.g. name, gender, race, hair, eyes, skin tone, paint/dirt, facial construction, etc.), and there are even mods to expand your options +Houses, wife, kids, and pets (Hearthfire DLC adds extra huge houses that you can build up yourself) +Console codes are an option. You can go ahead and cheat, or if you're stuck in a glitch or a bug you can go ahead and try to fix it with the console which is very useful. The console does not deactivate achievements like in Fallout: New Vegas +The DLC expansions are amazing, and are totally worth the price; and you'll clock in tons of enjoyment and hours to the game, which is why I recommend The Legendary Edition to begin with (Dragonborn DLC adds Solstheim to the map- which past fans will remember from the Bloodmoon DLC from Morrowind) +Free 'HD Texture Pack DLC' available for download, which is completely optional +mods, Mods, MODS!!! There are countless of mods out there for you to enjoy, literally. They are easy to install. And, they can change the whole of the game completely. I can't even begin to capitalize on this 'pro'. They can change everything +Steam Worshop integration, and Nexus Mod Manager support +Still a huge community +Steam badges, trading cards, backgrounds, emoticons, and achievements (And Steam Sync is integrated) +Fully mappable controls +My opinion? Morrowind > Skyrim > Oblivion, although newer gamers may not be able to enjoy Morrowind, so Skyrim may be the way to go for you +No cliff-racers *Cons? -Not as good without mods- but still amazing nonetheless, mods are completely optional. This may be more of a con for console players I guess -Mods can sometimes cause CTD's (Crash to Desktop), corrupt saves, bugs, glitches, etc. -Bugs, glitches, and crashes -Some Morrowind 'fanboys' hate on the game- so you might be reading this and end up being one of them (before you say anything; Morrowind is one of my favorite games of all time, and I can admit that I like it way better than Skyrim) -Main questline is a bit short -Repeated NPC lines can get a bit annoying- there are mods to fix that though -Horses seem to be a bit slow and weak- there are mods to fix that though -Becoming a vampire seems to have more cons than pros in my opinion- there are mods to fix that though -Can become a bit OP later in the game, if so, turning up the difficulty should help a bit (might be a good thing or a bad thing) -A bit lacking in graphical/display settings- but it's not that taxing, and it does offer "plenty" of settings in the launcher -Dragons eventually become the new cliff-racer- there are mods to fix that though Well, that was my review of Skyrim. I hope I convinced you to purchase this game. Or maybe I convinced you not to purchase this game, you never know. Anyways, thanks for reading, and I hope I was helpful in your decision. Or, maybe I just convinced you to go ahead and get into mods, hah]3D Custom Girl RPG ?]Bethesda tends to outdue themselves with every new rendition of The Elder Scrolls. This time its no different. The vast world of Skyrim will suck you in, no matter who you are. There is enough content to qualm anybody who is a naysayer of someone who worries at the thought of a full price purchase. Of course, Skyrim now goes on sale on an almost regular basis, so essentially you get a deal of a lifetime. Why would you pass on that, right? Skyrim has a myriad of spells, abilities, items, and just stuff to do in general. There is a great modding community that increases it's already lengthy playtime. If you are the type who enjoys content that just... well... never ends then you'll enjoy the endless amounts of quests some NPC's will grant you. These NPC's are generally from the Guilds that return to the game - i.e. The Dark Brotherhood, The Mages Guild, etc. if you recall from the previous Elder Scrolls. Of course, there are some downsides to the game, as any game does. Although the game does provide a vast and huge land, a lot of it just is empty. I enjoy the emptiness considering that adds realism to the game but, many do NOT like this. The problem more or less comes from the random Caves, Houses, Ruins, that have no relevance to them. Again, it's something I enjoy, but there is a point to be made that it can appear to be just filler to keep people like myself to keep searching. Some old school Elder Scroll players may be taken aback at the fact that Oblivions ability tree is gone, no more Acrobatics skill. This isn't a bad thing. It's a good thing. Honest. What it comes down to is that Skyrim has adapted to changes in the way games are tailored nowadays and have removed some of the more "grindy" things that was associated with it's predecessors. All in all, get this game. You will NOT regret it.]a kid can kill you, but you can't kill the kid. SKYRIM LOGIC]''It's a better GTA V with horses and swords'' 11/10 - IGN]Really enjoying Skyrim and all the DLC's a bit buggy at times but can be over looked, Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to play an RPG !]Fun game more funner if you have DLC installed it gives you a little more adventure once you beat the game :3]10/10 would replace my life for this game again]Thank you Valve for removing Paid-mods!! Skyrim is an Awesome Game, but at the end the Mods make it the game it actually is :D]Skyrim is really a place to see, beautifully designed landscape. And the modability really brings it to even higher levels. Just stay away from the hentai mods.]So, you want to know how good of a game Skyrim is, do you? Better question is: Why don't you already have it? Joking aside, Skyrim is one of those games which you can sink dozens, if not hundreds of hours into and not get bored or even close to "finishing" the game, and with a vast modding community, both of these ideas get completely wiped off the board. For me, Skyrim was my first Elder Scrolls Game, and since then I have played the other four. I came into this game not being too big into the whole fantasy genre, and when I came out that was completely turned around. Game universes don't get much bigger than the TES universe, as Skyrim is choke-full with lore in many forms: The actual questlines, fully readable books, NPC dialougem and much more. While the game's actual main plot isn't all that exiting IMO (centering around the return of the dragons in Skyrim), the world clearly makes up for it and alone could suck you into this game. Better yet, you DO NOT need to play the other TES games to understand Skyrim's story. Not saying you shouldn't play them, of course. Graphically speaking, Skyrim is quite a nice game to look at. With Skyrim's cold, harsh northern landscape, many different regions are seen with their own art style: A castle fortress on the peak of a hill, a sprawling city in the heart of a plain, and a port-side town in the middle of the arctic woods. Crappy descriptions aside, you'll see a lot here. The game gives a very mysterious atmosphere as you venture through dark dungeons, creep through enemy fortresses, and just have a nice walk on the countryside. The world may not feel all too alien, but graphically it's varied with its Viking and Medieval inspiration. The only honest complaint I have is that small smaller items such as ropes aren't that pretty to look at, but mods always come into play with these problems. Gameplay, oh boy. Skyrim is an open-world action-adventure RPG, with sandbox elements mixed in as well. You fight with swords, battleaxes, daggers from behind, bows, spells that can incinerate your foes, and shouts that can hurl enemies far away. While combat doesn't involve to many stratagies (keep attacking your opponent while keep you distance or blocking their moves), it is nonetheless enjoyable to fight through the many foes encountered. Magic on the other hand is a blast, especially when combining spells or using them in conjunction with melee weapons. Ranged weapons are fun to use when being a stealth-oriented character, so there are a lot of choises you have when combating opponents. As for enemy types, there's a lot as well. You'll commonly fight bandits and wolves on the side of roads, the undead draguar and skeletons in dungeons, and even vampires and trolls when venturing out. Of course there are also the dragons! These are fought by chance anywhere outside, and usually take a lot of hits to take down. Unfortunately, the stratagy of what should be a fun scenario is merely to attack the dragon when its on the ground and dodge its fire, and to attempt to shoot it while in the air, waiting for it to land again. All dragons follow this system, which is slightly disapointing. As for exploring, you'll have a lot to find in Skyrim. New dungeons are scattered across the landscape, as well as some truely unique characters that venture out (one in particular...), all while listening to the game's excellent soundtrack, reflecting the mythical and harsh land that Skyrim is. I should mention that I have only scratched the surface of what the game has to offer, and if you're interested, get it and find out for yourself, which will be quite a pleasant experience. If you aren't, try it anyways. You might find yourself immediatly immersed and impressed as I was. If I had to rate Skyrim, I would give it a 9.5/10. I should also add that Skyrim has one of the best modding communities out there, and even its own Workshop here on Steam. Even so, I'd recommend going on Nexus instead. It's just as easy, has far more mods (the biggest ones are on Nexus nine times out of ten), and doesn't have the file size restrictions like here on the Workshop. Of course, you should at least be familiar with what you think about the game before modding, and going on from there. Mods I would recommend include SkyUI (the vanilla game's UI is UGLY), Helgen Reborn, Falskaar, and Frostfall (which is on the Workshop).]You can be a lizard. I became a lizard. Now I'm a lizard. Lizards looked absolutely ugly in Morrowind and Oblivion. Skyrim made lizards look good. SKYRIM MADE THEM LIZARDS LOOK GOOD. TEN OUTTA IN' TEN]This game is great value for money - especially with the three added DLCs of Dragonborn, Dawnguard and Hearthfire. It can be a bit annoying to arrive back in Whiterun and be instantly hacked to pieces by Vampires, however, they do have some great kit that you can nick off them once you've given them the good news. Being able to choose between following the set storylines or just wandering around the world aimlessly gives many variables to one's gaming experience, and of course the plethora of mods just adds nice customised play. Having the mods easily accessible via the Steam Workshop is highly convenient. Awesome game, awesome experience - play it now!]100 hours of game play and i still have not started playing main story line]Play as Skyman in the Legend of the Boosher.]What is Skyrim? Skyrim is the graphical, virtual and Physical form of everything an RPG game is supposed to be. It is all the hopes, dreams, lives and loves, as well as the fear, hatred, desease and the pain, all in one game. This is the ultimate Open world RPG, this is the most modded game in history. This, is Skyrim.]Why would you even read reviews for this game? You know its amazing]Skyrim is an amazing game released by Bethesda 4 years ago. It is the 5th game in the Elder Scrolls series. I have only played Skyrim (TES 5), Oblivion (TES 4) and Morrowind (TES 3). Skyrim is a game with a lot a re-playability, so unless you have no patience, then you'll enjoy it. Allthough it can get very repetative sometimes. One of my friends describes it as going into dungeons and killing Draugr. The main focus is around the dragons, which have returned after the Oblivion Crisis. I highly recommend this as it is now quite cheap and so are the DLC which let you ride dragons, become a vampire lord and build houses among many other things. Can't wait for the next Elder Scrolls game. (not Online, that's daylight robbery)]I think it's a good continue in TES serie. And yeah, SKYRIM FOR NORDS !]So many mods :) 10/10.]If you want something to occupy your life for 4 more years, I highly suggest buying this.]"Sweet Mother, sweet Mother, send your child unto me, for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear. --11/10--]The province of Skyrim might be frigid, but the role-playing game that takes place within it burns with a fire few games possess. In The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, you take up arms against dragons, and your encounters with them are invariably exciting--yet depending on where your adventure takes you, such battles may not even represent the pinnacle of your experience. A side quest that starts as a momentary distraction may turn into a full-fledged tale that could form the entirety of a less ambitious game. Yes, Skyrim is another enormous fantasy RPG from a developer that specializes in them, and it could suck up hundreds of hours of your time as you inspect each nook and crevasse for the secrets to be found within. If you know Bethesda Softworks' previous games, you might be unsurprised that Skyrim is not a land without blemish, but rather harbors any number of technical glitches and frustrating idiosyncrasies that tear open the icy veil that blankets the land. Many of them are ones Elder Scrolls fans will probably see coming, but they're ultimately a low price to pay for the wonders of a game this sprawling and enthralling. Prepare for many sleepless nights to come.]3 of my characters have fully furnished houses. I still haven't done the main quest...]Have you ever wondered why exactly it is that it is when it isn't, when it couldn't be what it isn't meant to not be? I mean really, it's just odd that when it isn't what it really is, it's not what it couldn't not be when it isn't what it would be if it were what it was. Sometimes I lie awake wondering, what if it were if it wasn't what it isn't when it wasn't what it couldn't be if it weren't what it was. But that's just me.]The finest selection of cheese and wine in any game I have played! 10/10]Murdered 200+ of my friends and got killed by a swamp kush man.]A superb title, in spite of the sometimes moronic AI (it's easy to overcome). Massive world to explore, beasts to slay, and bodies to loot! Truly, a must-have for every fan and newcomer. Oh, and there's a plethora of astounding mods for better graphical fidelity, quests, and items. Even just the vanilla version is worth the purchase!]Viking Metal + Skyrim = U are in the heaven.]It has nudity mods 69/10]Like Skyrim without guns]I have heard of this game before. A lot.... So when I had 20$ in my steam wallet, I said, hey skyrim, checked some trailers and gameplay vids, and nah, not my thing. Then I had a spontaneous rush of blood to the head and bought it, started playing. Itwas hard for me to get hooked on, since I have never played this kind of game before, but honestly, the detail, the graphics, the detail, the ideas, the detail, and the length of the entire thing make this my alltime favorite game. Though im sure there are games out there that i have and will play longer than skyrim, Skyrim is the game of the decade that will go down in all big books. You have to play this before you die.]Probably the best roleplaying game right now]Best freeroam and adventure game evar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]An amazing open world game with much to offer and endless amounts of entertainment.]Basically all there is are Dragons, no physics and goats flying off mountains..and i'm okay with this.]Made an Argonian and got them to lv 65. Now I can make horses rain from the sky. 11/10]I wish one day Bethesda Softworks will hire Obsidian to do the writing of their titles. Until then, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim remains a slightly incomplete masterpiece, yet able to provide one of the best single-player experiences of the decade.]i got a  mod where giants use  to fight you and when you kill one you get it so this game turned from 9/10 to topkek/10 great game would  again]Since this game is on sale I'll do the recommondation thing. I won't waste words reviewing this game as it has been reviewed to hell and back. If you have been waiting for a reason to buy this game it being under 10$ is one hell of a reason to buy it now. It's fun, addicting, time killer. Although I was an adventurer like you then I took an arrow to the knee will get burnt into your brain and you will see limping guards in your dreams.]Can be modded to absolute perfection.]Skyrim is probably one of my favorite games. I have played it on the Xbox, Ps3, and Pc, and all I can say is... wow. The game is great ; It has an awesome plot, graphics, and interesting mods. Because however, I have played it on different consoles, it is annoying to have to restart, and then proceed to get through all the cutscenes and quests I have completed so many times before. But time and time again, I find myself dealing with the struggle and continuing where I left off previously, and strangely enjoying every minute of it. This game has a few flaws, but if you like rpg's, get this game now! 9.5/10]most definitely one of the best role playing game experiences you can wander upon]I accidentaly press e on coin and steal it the guy started killing me he chased me i got enough of that  i reborn dead and laugh my  off Fair enough 11/10 - IGN]I spawned exactly 582 sweetrolls, then yelled at them until they spontaneously combusted. 10 / 10]ing dragons, man. You know?]why i love skyrim. i was playing and looking for this dungeon. so im riding along the night on my horse. coming near the dungeon i see some lights flickering on my left side. deciding i can ignore the dungeon a little longer i was going to check it out. upon arrival i noticed it was a village with a ghost on a ghost horse sitting in the middle of the village. trying to kill it i saw i did no damage on him so i got back on my horse i and decided to follow it. whilst following the ghost i came across a freaking dragon rising up form his grave. deciding i had to kill see where this ghost was going i ignored the dragon and went by as fast as i could. still following the ghost i noticed by now he had no head. still following the ghost i came across a bandit ambush. trying to flee from this as well they dropped a boulder from a bridge ontop of my horse. sprinting away as fast as i could i kept following the ghost, but now on foot. finally the headless horseman stops at this tomb kinda looking thing. as i look around a bit the ghosts vanquishes and im now alone in the tomb. killing a few skeletons i see the ghosts his grave. after getting the loot and having exhausted my next options i decided to go back to the village where i met the headless horseman for the first time to go find my dungeon from there on. back at the village the same dragon i saw resurrected earlier flies by and attacks it. killed him and went to my dungeon afterwards. this just happend to me. this game is F*CKING AMAZING!]Ive spent well over 900 hours and own three copies on different consoles Best game for adventure and immersion of all time, many a night has been spent wandering around the tundra in search of a new event or quest to spend the next few hours on Would recommend to anyone!]This game ruined my social life and lost some close friends. 100% reccomend]Hundreds of hours of quality gameplay for the price of an expensive pint (3.74), essentially. Buy. It. Now. (All statistics correct on date of publication 28/11/13)]A bit old now, but a massive game and well worth the money if you don't already have the game. Bonus is you should be able to get the entire set for less than the latest blockbuster game.]Get to character customization screen, spend 70 minutes morphing into different races and genders in town square, quit game 10/10]Why are you reading reviews for SKYRIM? JUST BUY IT :D]Having spent many hours (days, weeks :-) playing Skyrim, I finally feel qualified to report that it is without doubt one of the best games available on STEAM. The vanilla game is very good but where this addition excels is in the mods and the modding community attached to it. With over 8,000 mods, you can play as anyone from an immortal god sent to save the planet, to a serial  and murderer intent on destroying it (I have been both). And anyone or anything you can think of in between! Be warned though, this one will consume you and your time. Having cut me teeth on TES IV OBLIVION, I had high hopes for this sequal and it did not disappoint. If you consider yourself a true gamer or have ever wondered what it would be like to really live another life (within or outside the law), SKYRIM is a must have!]My favourite game of all time, brilliant. MUST OWN! The game is huge with so much to do and with the absolutely enormous mod community, you can craft Skyrim in to pretty much anything you like. Buy it now!]I am addicted. Noone can help anymore. Help. Please. 450/100]Best money I've spent in a Steam Sale. Best offline/Singleplayer game ever. I'm Dragon Born, and I'm a ing werewolf.]I would say game of the year ... but ... it's actually game of the decade]Just in case all the other reviews haven't convinced you yet and you stumbled upon mine. You are a crazy person if you don't like a single thing in this game. I get that the whole rpg in a magical viking-like land isn't for everyone, but you should at least be able to enjoy parts of it. For the ones that love the whole rpg in a magical viking-like land, why are you still sitting here reading my review. Go frickin' buy the game! :D It's a must-have for EVERYONE!]Warning: you may experience a loss of time while playing this game. I have this game on both console and PC, and Hands down its much more enjoyable to play on PC. I'm not a fan of the default UI (User Interface) But there Is some pretty good UI's available for download in the workshop. With the default UI aside the gameplay is very smooth with the option to switch between first and third person POV. The music for the game is simple brilliant especially when fighting dragons and kicking back in a Inn. If you are yet to play this game I strongly recommend it.]this is a sooooo good game u should play it if u like single player and roleplay :)]Never buy this game is just aweful its nothing like the book 10/10].   ,   WorkShop'a    .  . . :,,NPC,.   ,, ,  .              . 11/10]Paid mods are removed, therefore I'm rerecommending this game.]paid mods are to be removed, so I am changing back to recommending it. :)]So many hours of endless fun. I pre-ordered and played at least 120 hours on PS3. Then when I made the switch to PC, I torrented it and played at least 270 hours and now I've bought the game on PC and I still am finding it entertaining, So many interesting stories within this game. This is a game that actually deserves a 9/10. But with mods and dlc, it earns an easy 10/10.]awesome game for everyone. never seems to end and never seems to get boring.]best game of all time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]Absolutely amazing game. Fun for every kind of play style. Decent (but fun to play) story with beautiful landscapes and challenging dungeons. 10/10]motha in' DRAGONS]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is everything gamers expected and more. As the follow-up to Oblivion, arguably one of the best RPG's of all time, people expected a lot and Bethesda delivered. That's not to say that Skyrim is without problems, far from it. Fortunately, there is so much good in all of Skyrim that the problems are easy to ignore. I'll start off by saying that if you didn't like the combat in previous Elder Scrolls games, you probably aren't going to change your mind with Skyrim. That being said, combat has changed fairly significantly. The biggest change is in the addition of dual wielding. In previous games, you could assign a one-handed weapon and a shield, or a two-handed weapon and then add a magic attack via right bumper. In Skyrim, you have far more freedom to equip what you want. Basically, everything that uses one hand can be equipped as long as you have a hand available. Also, magic now counts as using up an equipped hand. What this means is, you can use two one-handed weapons to dual wield at the expense of blocking, sword and shield (of which the shield now has attacks of it's own such as shield bashing), a sword and magic spell, or two magic spells. All of these combinations also feel much weightier and no longer feel like the crowbar from Half-Life. Hits feel like hits, magic spells feel like they are doing significant damage and blocking gives you a sense of danger avoided. If you do go the melee route, you'll still get a bit of a sense of button mashing but it's still a big step up from Oblivion. Rating: Viking life 9.5/10]I doesen't matter how many bandits you kill, dragons you slay, how many times you save the world. Every time you greet a ing NPC they will ing insult you and ask you to go and get their ing trinket in some god damn dungeon all the way across the ing map. And when you go back the the same NPC they will greet you whit the same insult and walk away. 10\10]My family is really worried for me I stopped taking heroine and started this it has consumed my life 10/10 better than heroine]Become the Dragonborn, a hero with the amazing ability to shout really loud. Sneak your way through dungeons, trek across arctic tundra, climb mountains and navigate vibrant cities. Fight dragons, undead corpses, vampires, bandits, bears, rabbits, fish and evil walruses! You can do just about anything in this game and with workshop support modding is quick and easy, allowing you to access even more fun player created content. Tons of fun with great replay value. Would definitely recommend.]Skyrim is the best openworld game ever.]Ran from Thomas The Tank Engine wearing pink armour shouting at goats "GIRL POWER!" and making them fly into the distance as crabs dressed like Zoidberg, guards for throwing a pan on a guys head and stealing everything he owns. 10/10 would  again. -IGN -Metacritic -PC Gamer -Me]I would  this game so hard that if people came up to me i'd say i used to be an adventurer like you but now i have a sex addiction]If u love rpg games and open, world this is it.... THIS IS IT! i have spent 105 hours on this game and im still not bored and I have probably played it like 3 times and i still love it. There is so much to do. Finish the story do side missions, finish the side missions go and help some people, finished helping people get some mods for more missions or more, finished getting the mods then... wait how there is millions of mods and even if u did get all of them wait for new ones. This game is endless so just GET IT!]One of the best games I've played in a while. In this century, theres not many games that have the feature of long term play. By this I mean that I want a game that I can play even after I complete the main story line and still have fun in the game and this is just it! Better than FarCry2-4 where there are side missions. Skyrim is full with diffrent ways to complete the story and different ways to play in general. There are many characters you can play as, different skills you can master at and overall the game is just a thrill. I recommend this game for anyone who is in for semi-relaxing games but also want some action. You can have either in Skyrim. Added to all of that, there are so many steam workshop mods that you can subscribe to, if theres something in the game that you dont exactly like, make the game twice as good. Worth every penny and more.]A few days ago I heard that mods were being monetized and I would have thought you were crazy. No one in a million years would I think something like this would happen. From the very first moments I started playing on my PC mods were an amazing experience and addition to any game. No matter who you ask, mods have been the best thing to ever come out of PC gaming and make me proud to enjoy the games that I played and interact with the community as I followed modders and watched them transform a good game into a great one. Each modder had their own unique ideas and anyone who wanted to add something more had a chance to. They could shine and present their talent to the thousands of people who would support them and back them and its been one of the best things I have ever experienced while playing games. Jump ahead to this week and I was absolutely amazed by the decision to make money off of mods like this. While I would back any kind of donations or compensation for hard work by a modder this was way worse. People could easily steal and make very lazily any kind of mod they want and sell it for a quick buck if it is broken or not. It was quite the disaster and many people were clearly taking advantage of it. The outcry from the community was amazing in how everyone banded together to fight back against this system which really didn't make much sense. Any implementation could have been way better than how this came out and many people were furious. Finally today I am very glad to say that bethesda and valve are backing down from their decision and there are no paid mods now. Rather than completely trash them for what they did there should be support seen for a much better idea that doesn't make the community go absolutely ballistic like they did. Any thing like a donate button would be greatly appreciated by the community to support the mod developers we love so much. This entire fiasco shows the importance of a healthy modding community and shows just how supportive and close we all are as a gaming community where we will take no . A truly great game made amazing by the people who play it.]rip mod paywalling u will not be missed]They admitted they were wrong about paid mods. The game itself is amazing, but the mods make it legendary.]15/10 would go on a rollercoaster of hate and then forgiveness with valve again]Valve and Bethesda have agreed to remove the paid mod program.]No more paid mods. 11/10 game]If you're looking for a game where you can easily sink into an epic land of fantasy and adventure, Skyrim is the game you're looking for. This is honestly the best game I've ever played, and I've played a lot of great games. Skyrim gives you plenty of options which gives you a unique sense of freedom you don't see in most games, another great thing about Skyrim is the plot. Skyrim's plot is one of the most epic story-lines you'll ever see in a game.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a video game that was released on Nov 10, 2011 and has generated both positive and negative reactions from its target demographic. I have played this video game.]Torrented it. And still bought it. Yes it's that ing good. Or I am that stupid. 9/10]Very epic game one thing to say DRAGONS!!!!]This is a really good game. Best part was... it was only $4.99 on sale... WIN]This game is autism. 10/10]i played 5 minutes....then ed in my pants]Killed a whole family and stole their food. Was later arrested for killing a chicken. 11/10]Legendary Elder Scrolls series that made a huge investment in RPG and PC games comes with new world. Slay dragons, grow stronger, become a hero or a destroyer of the world. Big open world with beautiful landscapes and lot of places of interest. Get you sword and explore all you see.]The Elder Scrolls is probably the best roll-playing game series i have ever played. In my opinion only The Witcher series could rival with The Elder Scrolls. Skyrim plot It is absolutely brilliant, history of dovahkiin will totally absorb every fan of rpg games for even on hundreds of hours. I am amazed by the world of Skyrim. It's open world with a hundreds of side quests whose number we can enlarge by three DLC and many modifications. Graphic and soundtrack stand on a really good level. I would recommend skyrim to anyone who wanna chill with game.]Out of the box, Skyrim is a fairly mediocre game, with a large and interesting world, but crippled by boring gameplay, massive bugs, console controls and poor graphics. Thankfully, the community has created a huge number of mods that go a long way toward rectifying these problems. If you're prepared to spend a few dozen hours fiddling with mods, buy Skyrim and you will get many hundreds of hours of entertainment; otherwise you will be severely disappointed. Do yourself a favor and use the Skyrim Nexus [www.nexusmods.com] to download mods instead of the Steam Workshop, it will save you many hours in the long run. If you need help assembling your collection of mods, S.T.E.P. [wiki.step-project.com] is a good place to start.]its a great game though i just play mods]One of the best games I ever modded using a powerful tool The Creation Kit by bethesda. Got me a games designer job. Seriously love this game and everything about it.]I used to be an adventurer like you then i took an arrow in the knee. 10/10]Skyrim is known as one of the best games since it has won over 200 awards. Not a lot of people remember the original Elder Scrolls but they dont remember/know how good the original Elder Scrolls are. This comes to Skyrim, a VERY long game. If you buy the offical prime guide there is 1134 pages, no joke its real. You play as a prisioner that by luck escape from a dragon who destryoed the town ur in. The game is like a medival time scenery. You can literally do watever you want, even KILL someone for no reason but youdo get a bounty from the nearest city which is not very fun considering if theres 5 guards fighting you. Since this game is extremelly long, only like 2% from all systems actually beat this game 100% and they may have around 2,000 to 6,000 hours, yes its that dam long. So hope you enjoy this game and remember, pickpocket,kill,and rob everyone (just kidding, dont do it unless you want skill points)]It's like Skyrim with guns.]I had played the absolute crap out of this game (and Oblivion) on Xbox 360 before I was inducted into the PC master race. What else is there to say about this game that hasn't already been said? It's ing epic. Even more epic now that Valve has removed it's filthy paws from the modding community. Fetchers. Anyway, for the most spectacular, immersive, lore-rich, addictive RPG yet- you can't go past the Elder Scrolls series, and Skyrim is the .]I'm a cat with a human body 10/10 ign]Headbutted a ghost 10/10 3spooky5me]Next to Morrowind is Skyrim the best entry in The Elder Scrolls series. Great graphics, a working combat system (even though improvements were possible), a beautiful landscape and lot's of ways to spend your time. The only thing that is really annoying is the main quest line. It stands in stark contrast to many side quests which really felt like you were involved in small adventures as a "normal" inhabitant of the fantasy world. But the main quest was just more of "the chosen one saves the world" and "the mysterious evil threatens to destroy the world". I prefer a smaller scale of magnitude personally.]I think pretty much all of you would enjoy this game. Give it a try... but I should probably offer a word or two of warning: * Feed your pets * Draw closed the shades * Say goodbye to your friends and family This game will ruin your life, but in a good way.]Avarage story, lot of quests, lot of stuff, addictive soundtrack, bugs, cheap game, very low gameplay feeling, awesome mod support and lot of guards that were adventurers like you.... than they took arrow in the knee.]after a week of paid mods being up the paid modding has been taken down 11/10 would mod again]Play a cat in Skyrim. Ignore cat in real life. This is a good game, ya'll.]Dude Skyrim is the ing best It's the 5th game in The Elder Scrolls series although they aren't all connected directly based hundreds of years apart Huunnndreeeeddssss of quests that are interactive and often decided by your choices You can basically create your class to your liking Because there are no actual classes If you wanna duel wield swords and be a swift fighter, go ahead, warmage? Sure! Heavy Brute? !@#$ yea. A mix of it all? Up to you. And then besides weapons, there is a ing HUGE set of skills that you can pick and choose from like a in' goose eating crumbs. Tons of options man. Plus, it has ing dragons. AND THAT'S JUST THE IN' VANILLA! If you get this  on PC, you can get THOUSANDS of ing rad mods that make the make even better. Get this ing game, play it.. Enjoy it.]Skyrim. The game is just as epic as its name. Even though it is the name of a providence of the north. Most of the people you will come across will be Nord, since it is their homeland. I loved every bit of this game. I played it on several different consoles. It has a lot of reply value and end-game value. Depending on what you do, until you complete the main quest line. The Story Line is really epic. There are so many quests to do, so many places to explore and almost endless things to do; especially with the mod community. You are Dragonborn. You have dragon's blood running through your veins. Which seperates you from most people in the game. Your shouts shake mounts and roar through valleys. The best thing you could ever do in gaming, is slay dragons. These dragons have very specifically qualities and designs. The best effort Bethesda has ever done. You must slay Alduin, who wants to burn the world burn. Who doesn't want to fight dragons. The Lore is quite something. So many different books to read, Stories to be heard and challenges to be adventured. If any of you had played Oblivion, then you must know Umbra, which Umbra was also in Morrowind. I used to really love that Soul Absorbing Sword that filled Soul Gems for the enchants. In one of the lore books, it was mentioned that he/she had died 500 years prior to the starting events of Skyrim. It was a very sad day when I read that book. She was my favorite NPC to slaughter. Now it has become the guards for those repetitive "Arrow In The Knee" lines. Arrow In The Knee? What about Arrow In The Face? The graphics are enchanting and mesmorizing. I've always been a fan of water textures in video games and this blew me away. The rivers and their currents, the waterfalls and their pools below. The cliffs to the largest mountains. The cities to the religious temples. The labryinths to the hidden sanctuaries. No matter how many times you play, you will always admire the beauty, art, work and time that was put into this game. One of the best RPGs of All-Time. 6/5. If you are an RPG fan, this game is for you.]10/10 Skyrim is such an epic Action Fantasy RPG, it quickly became a much more popular addition to mainstream culture than previous Elder Scrolls chapters had... targeting a broader audience by introducing dragons to the series. Bethesda did superb work with Chapter V: Skyrim and raised the bar again with exceptional story telling, voice acting, original musical score and 100+ hours gameplay. Check out the Workshop to enhance the experience.]10/10 No more paid mods. Would download again.]>This game supportED paid mods but thanks to the awesome community the bad idea is now gone. I hope the modding community will come alive again and valve will se their misstake and improve. Great graphics, Amazing lore, architecture and world, massively improved AI and gameplay. It's truly among the best RPGs to date, and the best Bethesda game to date. And the only cons that i can find are the frequent bugs, but honestly there are so many positive sides to this game that you dont notice the disadvantages. - 10/10 would buy again.]One of the best games I have ever played. And thanks to the awesome mod community this game can do even more. I would recommend this game to anyone who breathes. Buy it and have tons of fun.]One of the best games that I have ever played.]If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato]Paid mods removed]Superb game with endless gameplay that is rich in detail, atmosphere and most importantly fun. This is also the best looking game I have currently in my library.]"10 out of 10! GOD 10 out of 10!"]this game ALMOST ruined my life. i already give it a 5/5 rating, this game has a amazing replay value and the fact that i can do almost anything i so god damn well please is also a great factor in a game. im saying if you like farcry 3 or gta 5 get this. open world, choose your path, so many diffrent things to do, long as fudge, and there is SO MANY mods! you will start this game and you wont get off till you ether beat it or grow a beard to the point where it hits your keyboard and you cant play becasu ehte hair is blocking you. in my opinon i say buy the damn game!]Bethesda Softworks Logo Simulator, comes with an automatic shutdown function once the cinematic opening is over.]Skyrim is a game that I was massively excited for on its release of 11/11/11. I originally bought the game on PlayStation 3 but due to lag a save bloating problems, I decided to pick it up on PC instead. My experience was instantly improved and it's a game that, over a year on, I'm still playing regularly. Mods are what really make the PC version of this game special and they make it possible to play through the game several times, having a different experience very time. Seeing as this disc activates on Steam, you'll be able to use Steam's Skyrim Workshop to install mods at the push of a button, or you can alternatively use a modding website like Skyrim Nexus to find mods that might not be on the Workshop. The game itself features hours upon hours of gameplay with loads of quests, dungeons and loot available to you. You can do the main quest to reveal your inner dragonborn, side with the assassins of the Dark Brotherhood, join the warriors at the Companions, practise magic at the College of Winterhold and steal things for the Thieves Guild. My personal favourite quests are the Daedric quests which have you doing deeds for god-like people in return for powerful items. The game also has two available DLC packs (Dawnguard and Hearthfire) with a new one, Dragonborn, out soon. If you're into modding, you can download the Skyrim Creation kit for free and do just about anything you can think of, or you can just find what you desire among the plethora of mods already available. I think every PC gamer should own this game. If you don't like something within the game, there's probably a mod to fix it and you can guarantee to see some exciting content in the future.]I am Queen Zabi Leader of Skyrimjob :333333333333]Let me clear things up by assuring you that none of the quest bugs, graphical issues, gameplay glitches, or unexplained crashes I've encountered can change the fact that I played this amazing RPG for well over 400 hours and absolutely loved every single moment of it! This game is absolutely fantastic and fascinating! even after years of playing this game it doesn't fail to surprise and amaze me! But the thing that really brings skyrim to life is its modding community! There are millions of great mods out there waiting to be explored! If you're new to modding or don't even know what that means i'd suggest visiting a youtube channel called "gophersvids", you can find tons of recommendations and instructions on how to make your skyrim experience UNFORGETTABLE! And now to cap it up I'd say that you MUST buy and play this game if you're even slightly interested in role-playing games!]Like Skyrim without guns.]Perfect for action, a very good game that has astonishing adventure, Dragons, Draugr, and entertainment all in one.]10/10 would give away my social life again.]Just buy it! End of review.]Love the game.]after 300 hours u getting bored but very good game 10/10]I would marry this game and have children with it. 10/10]Undisputably one the leaders in gaming, Bethesda Softworks body slams the market with Skyrim! Tune, Clean, Tweek, replace ( whatever you gotta do to your device) and get ready for the best sandbox of it's Generation. Elderly Scrolls has been a huge hit and Bethesda did not let us down with Skyrim, offering DLC which turn it into a whole new and even better experience!! Forage for material to craft weapons and armor, then forge for more to build! Cook and socialize, create any life you want for yourself, and fight against the wickedest evil while gaining ultimate knowledge and magical power in beautiful landscapes. Flawless Mechanics "Smart Config" Controller Support Stunning Graphics Magic!! Medeival Times Dragons! User Created Destiny User Created Character Great Software Support]No more paid mods... Great RPG]I have put many hours into Bethesdas latest Elder Scrolls game and I can confidently say its great! Explore the vast wilderness of the Nordic homeland or relax in one of the many populated holds the game offers. Complete quests in a variety of ways resulting in great value, just create another character (yes you have to play through the same helgen part over and over again) and set forth on your quest... The amount of choice in the game is spectacular for open world RPG lovers, change your characters eyebrows and ears to degrees of precision that I never thought possible. Many of the larger questlines have a set path for you to follow with smaller choices along the way whilst side quests let you choose (usually from 2 options) which path to take. Mods are a great way to keep things interesting, not only can you change the game in ways that give it a whole new feel, but you can just tweak things like textures or weapon appearance. For a relatively small amount you can add in Solstheim or Fort dawnguard to your world and enjoy the new threats and adventures the world holds, or give up your dragon fighting ways, hang up your daedric armour and start a family, giving Skyrim a new generation of Dragonborn (if it is genetic)]A very fun game with a superb modding community. However we should probably remember the paid mods and how gamers united against them.]Beautiful game, very nice to play. 8/10]This game looks stunning !!! This game is  awesome !!! This is an HARD-CORE-STYLE-RPG with an amazing open world full of DRAGONS ! In this game you can make almost everything you desire. From shield/armor/sword/potion making thru skinning, herb/stuff collecting to stealing and killing innocents. There is a strong story behind this game but also many side quests which can provide more then 100+ hours of play. Nothing more can tell ... cause it will ruin your game. Community also serve a few addons ... like new chars, skills, weapons, locations, quests, ... and many more. For this game its nothing more to say ... JUST !!! ... YOU NEED TO PLAY IT BY YOUR SELF !!! + game type (HARD CORE RPG) + a lot stuff can be done by you (skinning, weapon making, melting, alchemy, potion making, ...) + enchanting + a lot of weapons/shields/armors/bows/ .... + a lot of side quests + difficulty (hard is quiet hard ... can be harder) ++ DRAGONS you can kill !!! ++ STORY +++ GRAPHICS +++ LEVEL DESING/DETAIL +++ GAME TIME (up to 100+ hours) +++++ ADDICTING - game type (HARD CORE RPG) - a lot of side quests - difficulty (hard is quiet hard ... n00bs beware !!!) - - - GAME TIME (up to 100+ hours) - - - - - ADDICTING Graphics: 9/10 Level detail: 9/10 Sounds/Music: 9/10 Mechanics: 8/10 Idea: 7/10 Addicting: 9/10 RPG elements: 10/10 Story : 10/10 ---------------------- Verdict: 10+/10]You can play as a Cat. 10/10.]THIS GAME IS AMAZING AND IF YOU DONT HAVE IT YOU SHOULD GET IT AND IF YOU DONT WANT TO GET IT THEN I TOTALLY RESPECT THAT BUT YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON A LOT OF FUN AND FRUSTRATION GOOD DAY BYE]Did you ever want to forget about real life, and get in a whole new world? Yes? Perfect. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the game with the most immersive world I have ever seen. The map is enormous, and the gameplay is complex to the point where it feels like you could actually live in the game. There are so many quests to follow, it will waste your days for weeks, or even months.]Like Harvest Moon but with Fables. The Crafting Simulator 2014. 15/10]When you hear the word RPG, what is the first thing that comes to mind? Elder Scrolls, or Dungeons and Dragons? Maybe both? Skyrim is an example of what happens when true elements of both RPG & action are put the ultimatum. It's an absolutely beautiful game with a game soundtrack to pay money for. With the addition of mods this is in the top 10 list of all time greatest Steam Games. In the beginning you start off a prisoner in the hands of Cyrodill's Imperial Legion led by the region head legatus, General Tullius. Although you start off on death throw if you will with your head about to be a seperate part of your body entirely the game quickly breaks the idea of an execution by bringing in a sudden dragon assault on the city of Helgen which is at the time an Imperial outpost connecting the rest of Tamriel including parts of the game Oblivion to the region of Skyrim. There are more quests to even count in this game, I lost count around 60 but the addition of mods can add around another 1,000 quests if not more. Which then we come to the crown jewel of many steam games, modding communities and boy.. Does Skyrim have one, well over 100+ different mods for every reason what so ever. There are mods which fixed the broken military system in the game, there are mods which adds more travelers and adventurers on the road adding more of a lifelike feel to the game. There are also mods which can hurt the games realism as well, some mods are not meant for the lore of Elder Scrolls but the entertainment of the player instead. If I were to give ESV: Skyrim a rating, In a range from 1 - 10 it's nearly a 9.5, It's great on so many levels but there are snibbets even with mods still aren't correcting. Guards only want you and nobody else. The NPC's do the same constant moves 24/7, and for some reason I never understood this an NPC who's 10 feet away will stop everything they're doing to say Hi to you. SKYRIM RATING: SYNDICATE RATING Gameplay - 8 (Gameplay is good but could dramatically be improved with more combat actions) RPG Element - 10 (This game seemed to never have an ending to the nearly limitless number of quests you could do, on PS3 I spent well over 100 hours playing the game and was just barely getting done. ) Multiplayer - 0 (The Game isn't meant for online play, and it really doesn't take anything away from the true game itself.) Graphics - 9 (Graphics on Vanilla are good for the game, but with enhancement mods it will skyrocket to a solid 10 with every little detail imaginable.) Replay Value: 10 (This game is beyond the single word of addicting, it will make you come back for more and more.) Official Syndicate Rating, 9.6 - Skyrim is a masterpiece in Roleplay engineering a true marvel of Bethesda. The amazement is after 3 years this game still runs as strong as ever! Revitalized with the modding community Skyrim maybe one of the legends of the RPG and maybe even Steam game series which lives on.]I used to play this game too much, then I took an arrow in the knee.]Like Skyrim with dragons.]Mod it until it breaks]Lemme explain dis game: You go around the land of Skyrim even though it's not it the sky(WHAT THE 823712 I WANT MAH MONZ BAK) and going around shouting at people to the point where the fall of hills and crap. You can be a man or lizard depends on your level of nerd(mine is 42) and then you preety much die... alot if you don't know what you are doing Don't forget about DLC! that's always necessary Ok let us be honest. Skyrim is an amazing game. Yes it has like over 9000 bugs. But that really does not matter. I reccomend this game alot to anyone so buy it for yourself, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, grandma, grandpa, aunt and uncle, cat, dog, dead pet goldfish(RIP) and of course your friends. Have fun!]Skyrim starts out with a short intro that is not a video you sit back and watch, but you can immediately look at people and at the environment. Your character creation is not before the game, but during the intro implemented well in the storyline, whereupon you get a choice to join either side of the war as opposed to forcing you in one direction as a lot of games do. Gameplay contains seemingly infinite quests and different storylines. Quests seem hardly repetitive, for even when there are several quests of clearing out caves, every cave is different and interesting. You can explore an enormous world and collect countless objects and powers. Gameplay can be estimated on about 200 hours to complete every game and dungeon, if not more. Even with the game so immense, interesting and well thought-through, you can download countless mods on skyrim nexus that can increase gameplay by many more hours as well as fix the bugs this gigantic game has and increase performance as well as resolution. There are mods to change appearances of characters, and there are mods that add features such as homes, characters, followers, set-up. Even whole new lands can be added with mods to increase the gameplay even more. The only downside I can think of myself is that the game has some bugs. Simply go to skyrim nexus and download a bugfix and it's done. Skyrim is highly recommended for everyone who likes adventuring, exploring, collecting, active combat, interesting storylines and upgrading. If you love Skyrim, you may want to give Risen and The Witcher 2 a try. These games are different, but felt as interesting, even though Skyrim is a lot bigger and has more features.]I have put in exactly 392 hours into this game since I first purchased it. Despite some relatively simple AI, somewhat outdated graphics, a really irritated inventory menu and the inevitable bugs that plague the game, Skyrim is one of the greatest RPGS of its era. Though simpler than the previous titles of Morrowind and Oblivion, it allows you much more freedom than either of the two. You can build your character around your particular playstyle with no real "Optimal Builds", and if you ever decide you dislike the way your character is set up, you can simply start training another skill and become good at it. If you spend enough time in Tamriel slaying dragons and saving damsels in distress, your character can learn and master all of the different skills that are available to you. The open-world environment and HUNDREDS of places to explore and quests to complete, you never really feel like you're being forced to go down one particular path and every time you play, you'll end up discovering something new. The indepth lore surrounding the Elder Scrolls series heavily immerses you in the world and story, making you feel like you've stepped into another world. If you love RPGS, this is a MUST HAVE.]I love the open world option in the game. The way you can go and explore the world and your own leasure. You can take on many different quests in so many locations that it keeps you entertained throughout. Your skilling up is also done at a pace that keeps the fights and battles interesting. The scenery is breathtaking, the detail awesome, the realism fantastic. I think this game ranks 10/10 and to me is the top of all RPG games. Bethesda has done an awesome job. Now I would love for them to upgrade both Morrowind and Oblivion to the same standard as Skyrim. I have the whole set from Arena through to Skyrim and each game got better and better. Well done to all the modders out there that have done a fantastic job to add more spice to the game. I would definitely recommend this game to every single RPG player in the world. A must have. Can't wait to see if there are more expansions in the making.]Awesome game, It offers lots more hours of gameplay than Call of Duty]Mod it until it crashes. If it's not broken, fix it till it is.]If you're a person who likes to find all the loot, search every nook and cranny, complete all quests, well I'd say you're probably in for a couple of hundred hours with Skyrim. Let's make that double if you're playing with Legendary difficulty option since it makes every single thing in game to have absurdly high hitpoints and cuts your damage down about 4 times the normal difficulty setting. Still can't decide if legendary difficulty is actually a challenge or outright torture to kill time (not very much so) efficiently. Still being able to enjoy playing it third time. Would definetely recommend to any open world rpg lover.]The coolest of the Elder Scrolls series, though I only mean the weather. It's no threat to Morrowind.]This is by far my favorite game. You have a huge open world to explore and it just never ends. Quest after quest you will find yourself playing it more and more which isnt bad! 10/10!]Skyrim helped me grow 4" in 4 weeks! Doctors hate me.]Very game Many graphics much violence 10/10 Wow]You will spend countless hours in this if you haven't bought it yet do it now, and even if you bought it on console you should buy it on pc because you will really see the difference!]A must get for any RPG fan, DOWN WITH MMO, the elder scrolls will always be a single player experience or nothing at all.]you can take a bee out of a beehive and put it in ur inventory it doesnt even fight back and u can eat it just eat the bee eat the h*cking bee]About 1400~ hours played (Console+Steam) and I'm still having fun at this. The game itself is huge enough to spend hundreds of hours with it, but when you reached the point where you get bored by the vanilla game.. then the real fun begins: Mods. The game is awesomely supported through a huge community and allows you too do almost everything you want. Flying? jepp. Become a werebear? no problem. Become a lich? why not? blood not realistic enough? take this mod. It's the best action-RPG-game I know so far, I'd definitly recommend it. PS: It's engine is so amazing that you can even run it on a low spec machine smoothly (if not you can install some perfomance mods)]The Elder Scrolls series is an easy one to lose yourself in; the characters, the story, the quests and the exstensive lore make it one of the most enthralling series I've ever played. Skyrim in particular is my favourite title. While the main story is amazing in it's own right (last boss is slightly disappointing) there are hundreds of hours worth of exploring, listening to dialogue and doing side quests. If that isn't enough there is a thriving modding community on Skyrim nexus and the steam workshop. I've played Skyrim A LOT spanning over many different profiles and still to this day there is something new that surprises me. While Skyrim isn't as deep as RPGs go it is a world filled with emersive characters and storylines: the voice acting is top notch (they have Mario as part of the cast!) and the artwork on the city designs such as Windhelm is fantastic. While Sword and Sorcery isn't for everyone Skyrim is dumbed down to a point where it's enjoyable to almost anyone. I'm probably late on this anyway...]This is one of my favorite games of all times. The fact that it is open world is amazing, and the character developement is so much fun! I love the voice acting, and the quests. It keeps you busy for sooooo long! And the best part honestly is all of the silly bugs! Skyrim has the best glitches ever. XD]This is good game. Get it.]Better than real life]It all started when I was being carried over to Helgen to be executed. I was with three others, I don't recall their names. I was being taken for treason. I swear, it wasn't me. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Anyway, when we were loaded off the carriage, there was a man who marked down our names on a list. He didn't recognize me, so I had to take thirty minutes making myself as hideous as possible, switching between argonian to nord to argonian to wood elf to high elf to khajiit over and over again until I was satisfied. I think the man who watched it had to go to therapy for the next five years. We heard loud strange noises over and over again, and nobody cared. Eventually, when it was my turn to be executed a dragon flew in conveniently right before I was beheaded. I escaped Helgen and went down to Riverwood. I spoke to people, stuff happened, and I had to go to some place and speak to the Yarl. On the way there I found a horse, I named him Carl and we rode off into the sunset, stealing cabbages and putting buckets over guards, that was the beginning of a great friendship. 10/10 OK game i guess EDIT: I haven't seen Carl for a long time. I'm starting to think he decided to go on his own quest. But I'm not sad. I'm happy for him. I screamed at a dragon and he exploded.]I play this game with 8 giant fans pointed towards my genitals to retain immersion so I can pretend i'm in the snowy mountains with my character "DongBeetle420" 10/10]It's great, until you have to deal with NPCs.]it is a very adventuress game full of mystrous and stuff and is easy to mod so i give it a thumbs up]One of the best RPG games iv'e ever played... the only thing i'd complain about is npc AI but now adays there is quite literally a mod for everything so I also recomend enough mods to keep you entertained, but overall great a game.]So, Skyrim, a game grasping the ability to do just about anything you want. Being an open world game, Skyrim has many possibilites, similar to it's "Fallout" counterpart. In Skyirm, you may feel the need to run aimlessly around the world looting anything you please, which,you have the ability to do. Don't forget those special weapons hidden all around the map! Some of them obvious, some of them you may not even realise as sacred weapons. Along with that, you'll have to look out for all of the special creatures too. Such as Giants....yup....don't mess with those guys or you'll be getting a close-up with the clouds in seconds. On with the point, Skyrim is one of the best open world games to play! 100/100]OBJECTION! This game is recommended . Yes I got proof. As the prosecutors that says this game is not good, nor recommended does not have valid evidence to support their reasons. For example, the 'evidence' I read from the not recommended page is stating that this game is boring , over-rated and lonely . I tell you this: Skyrim is a open world game indeed where ttha player have lots of choices and abilities to do what the player in question like to do, in this way the player can do what ever he/she wants to do. Skyrim does have among the greatest mod support , the best I know atleast! As I just stated, the game have significant mod support, this game never gets boring, although this is not a part of the game, it's still a thing that does have an impact on the prosecutors evidence. The prosecutors calims this game is over-rated, yes it got very good rating indeed, 94/100. But on the other hand... why? I tell you this, why would the judge of that case give this game that rating if the judge in question did not think the game deserves this rating? And on the other hand, you can enter for exemple most, if not all houses in the game, insane graphics yet from being released 2011. The last objection I have to make is about the ' loneliness '. What loneliness exactly? the game is crowded with NPC's, wich, your honor is " Not Playable Character's ". These NPC's might be stiff indeed, but as I stated before, mod compatibility and support gives you choices to add user made characters with unique voice acting and different scripts. Now your honor, It's up to YOU to swing that gavel and deaclear a verdict, this game is not guilty!... err, I mean RECOMMENDED!!! //Apollo Justice.]Skyrim is at the time of this review the latest installment of the "Elder Scrolls" series. Skyrim is a simplified version of the eariler Elder Scrolls games meant to tend to a casual crowd rather than the hardcore players that loved The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. The addition of the Steam Workshop really benefited this game with it's easy way of adding in extra content created by the fanbase that is sometimes even of higher quality than the DLC packs that were release for the game. Overall, this game has it's ups and downs but it is a solid game that I have loved ever since it was released. Get this.]Its Skyrim. That alone should be enough for you to get this game if you haven't already done so. The game has been out since 11.11.11 and it's still going strong!]ever wanted to be a man/lizard/cat thing who got adopted by dragons, turns into a werewolf, has a shout that can slow down time, that becomes a thief,who then goes to kill his adopted parents and wields a giant hammer made out of glass? then get this game.]Took me nearly a year to finally beat it. More stuff to do than any other game I've played. Definitely worth the money.]10/10 You can smack rabbits with maces and kill them.]So in this game you are the "chosen one" who has to save the world from the big evil monster using your choice of medieval fantasy weaponry or magic. You also do quests and look at the scenery alot in case there is something worth checking out there. Lastly you can get a house to live in and spend the rest of your time crafting potions and not talking to the spouse of your choice that you decided to leave home because they kept getting in your way during combat. Hmm. Sounds like a billion other games you have played, right? You're sick of this, right? I sure am. Now that i've probably succeeded in making fanboys rage and amusing others, i'll actually write some stuff that might be worth reading. At its core, it's not that different from all the other fantasy games you may have played and never want to see again. Except that it's in a gigantic open world that you can spend hundreds of hours exploring. That there are multiple side-quests of decent length that in most cases are quite interesting and provide unexpected twists. And that if you ever wanted a game that could quite literally have an endless amount of content, then this may very well be it. Also there are mods. Lots of them. Enough to make this game fresh and to eat even more of your time. I've unlocked all of the achievements and clocked over 300 hours into this, and yet I still feel as if I can still get more out of this game. So yeah, it is exactly what everyone tells you it is: a massive open world RPG that can occupy your free time for weeks and even months before you feel like moving on to something else. You have been warned. Now go kill a dragon, marry someone, or kill one of the countless city guards who have taken an arrow in the knee at some point in their lives. Enjoy!]I love this, are only two good RPG like this Skyrim and Witcher. Grafics is amazing, playeble is beutiful, soundtrack is realy nice.]it's definitely one of the top 5 best games of all the time ever made ! it's  :)]One of the best single player RPG i ever played. And yea, you can add some addons on workshop to make your game look prettier]An amazing game, can only get bored when you're stuck in dungeons, make sure you learned Clairvoyance! Pros: -Many factions you can join -Great main storyline -Great side quests storylines -Amazing graphics -A lot of weapons you can choose from -A lot of magic spells you can learn -Mod-friendly -Just... everything Cons: -Some of the voices are annoying as  -When changing tabs, double cursor happens (fixed using OneTweak mod) 95/100 from me.]I play this game with 8 giant fans pointed towards my genitals to retain immersion so I can pretend i'm in the snowy mountains with my character "DongBeetle420" 10/10]I love this, are only two good RPG like this Skyrim and Witcher. Grafics is amazing, playeble is beutiful, soundtrack is realy nice.]Its Skyrim. That alone should be enough for you to get this game if you haven't already done so. The game has been out since 11.11.11 and it's still going strong!]ever wanted to be a man/lizard/cat thing who got adopted by dragons, turns into a werewolf, has a shout that can slow down time, that becomes a thief,who then goes to kill his adopted parents and wields a giant hammer made out of glass? then get this game.]This game ruined my life. 10/10 would recommend.]Loved it, even when you complete the main quest there is an almost endless amount side quest to do. There are also hundreds of mods that can make your Skyrim experience even better. This game is definitely worth the money. Trust me, you are missing out by not owning this game and it's DLC's.]Skyrim is at the time of this review the latest installment of the "Elder Scrolls" series. Skyrim is a simplified version of the eariler Elder Scrolls games meant to tend to a casual crowd rather than the hardcore players that loved The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind. The addition of the Steam Workshop really benefited this game with it's easy way of adding in extra content created by the fanbase that is sometimes even of higher quality than the DLC packs that were release for the game. Overall, this game has it's ups and downs but it is a solid game that I have loved ever since it was released. Get this.]It all started when I was being carried over to Helgen to be executed. I was with three others, I don't recall their names. I was being taken for treason. I swear, it wasn't me. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Anyway, when we were loaded off the carriage, there was a man who marked down our names on a list. He didn't recognize me, so I had to take thirty minutes making myself as hideous as possible, switching between argonian to nord to argonian to wood elf to high elf to khajiit over and over again until I was satisfied. I think the man who watched it had to go to therapy for the next five years. We heard loud strange noises over and over again, and nobody cared. Eventually, when it was my turn to be executed a dragon flew in conveniently right before I was beheaded. I escaped Helgen and went down to Riverwood. I spoke to people, stuff happened, and I had to go to some place and speak to the Yarl. On the way there I found a horse, I named him Carl and we rode off into the sunset, stealing cabbages and putting buckets over guards, that was the beginning of a great friendship. 10/10 OK game i guess EDIT: I haven't seen Carl for a long time. I'm starting to think he decided to go on his own quest. But I'm not sad. I'm happy for him. I screamed at a dragon and he exploded.]It has dragons!]This game is one of the best games I have ever played. It's also in the steam top 10 most played games ! If you don't own a skyrim, GET IT NOW ! You won't regret your money. The game itself is an adventure, the main story line is so long + a lot of amazing side quests and DLCs. Once you will finish the game you can download tons of mods for more quests/monsters/armors/weapons... 10/10]There's dragons. 10/10]One of the best open world RPG games on the market right now. Whether you've played Oblivion, Morrowind, or never touched an Elder Scrolls game before, you're almost certain to love it.]ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED 10/10]This game is absolutely amazing. I must say that the programing gods at Bethesda have really outdone themselves. Skyrim offers a free roam world full of quests, secrets, and hidden tresures that litter the stunningly beautiful, midevil landscape. I would recommend this game to any gamer whether they prefer Call of Duty styled first person shooters, or World of Warcraft styled RPG's. It also offers a number of DLC packs that will carry your adventure through the Elder Scrolls series even further! If you ever get bored of the run-of-the-mill questing crap you can always look towards the Steam Workshop for over 19,000 different gameplay enhancing mods. This work of art will always keep you on your toes, so keep yourself awake every night playing until your eyes are dryer than the Sahara Desert!]this is my review for this 2 year old game. to start off dont be fooled by the only 5 hours logged on stewam. I first played around 300 hours on a non steam version of the game and picked it up again in sale. now off to the game. now where to start? the story: the stoy is little short but still great to play trhough, good voice actors, enjoyable story and when your done with the main story there are plenty of thing to do around like just freakin murdering everyone or blowing lydia of high hrotgar with FUS RO DAH :D or just do what you want. write your own story. the gameplay: if you like to play in first or third person your choice I like the third person view myself since you can see more of the beautiful world of skyrim around you. the cmbat is solid. not super hard or something but still pretty good. SO many weapons in this game just choose what you want. the graphics: its okay i guess. not the best ive seen but hey its a 2 year old game. and oh yeah some textures are just terrible. but thanks to the awesome skyrim community there are some great texturepacks out there that make the game look so much better. and speaking of the community. its still huge after 2 years. its awesome. there are so many mods for this game that add to a great gameplay experience. go check out the nexus site for mods and the steam workshop ofcourse well to wrap this review up: I sunk in well over 300 hours and im not even bored yet. the open world is so huge and its worth exploring. for me personaly pretty much one of the best games ive ever played. deserves a good and deserved 10/10 buy it already. bye]I kill a dragon, bear watches me kill a dragon, bear still thinks he can take me on....I die from the bear 10/10..]Skyrim is the Bethesda game we've been waiting for for years. Bethesda finally fixed the horrible performance problems in the engine that have been present for at least 8 years. The graphics have been improved so much that you can actually call the game beautiful. Combat is more fun and fluid than ever. This is the first Bethesda game I've ever played that's stable. I played from release day and had 2 crashes in 130 hours. Even fully patched Fallout 3/New Vegas with stability mods added can't even go 1/10 of that time without crashing twice. Combine that with the most interesting and content-filled world Bethesda's ever made, no more cookie-cutter dungeons, dragons, horses that are actually useful, and finally a leveling system that doesn't require grinding useless skills to get stat point bonuses on level up....the list goes on. Skyrim just improves on every aspect of the previous games. I know some people still prefer Morrowind, and some weird ones think that Oblivion is better, Skyrim is the king of Bethesda games and of open world RPGs.]I like the part with the snow and the bit where you go into that building and you talk to someone with hair.]Play it. Everyone else did.]Me- What have ya got for sale? Belathor- Mmm a little this, and uh little that.. Taught me everything I need to know about running my own buisiness 10/10]sucks without mods sorry console gamers 6.7/10]Good Game, should get cos good and stuff]I love this game more than I love Lydia. That's not saying much because Lydia is a . This game is seriously addicting, with more than one way for the story to end up.]Love this game, 1st thing i did i got thrown in jail for stealing a piece of meat and then accidentally set myself on fire later on. 10/10 GOTY]The best game yet in the Elder Scrolls series (way better than Elder Scrolls Online). A great game for rpg pros or noobs.]I just can't express how amazing, well-done and powerful this game is. It is just.. the Best RPG I have ever played in my life. It is kinda addicted as well. Moreover, it never ends and has an amazing story. Even if you will get bored from it in far future , it has plenty of mods in the workshop that will make game even more fun. Totally worth buying.. with all DLCs that it has. 10/10 ...]Skyrim helped me grow 4" in 4 weeks! Doctors hate me.]Very game Many graphics much violence 10/10 Wow]You will spend countless hours in this if you haven't bought it yet do it now, and even if you bought it on console you should buy it on pc because you will really see the difference!]I really enjoyed this game.]The coolest of the Elder Scrolls series, though I only mean the weather. It's no threat to Morrowind.]Well I got to start reveiwing at some point the game may be a few years old but it is still fun to play the exploring a huge facter is the mods the modding community has really kept this game alive it makes every thing from Bunny follower to just funny swords like a giant popsical it has apsects of a mmo like the role playing mounted combat the freedom you have getting married oh then getting divorced Freedom right? xD crafting is fun even better with mods when you can crafy stuff like Spartan armour assasins creed armour, even a Darth vader helmet the game is endless of what you can do if you put your mind to it like I even a pregnant Npc mod O_O as I said it is endless in what you can do :)]Bum bum bum bum badadadum. If there was a game that would ruin your life with the same effects as crack then this would be beat only by World of Warcraft. When you buy a game twice just so you can mod it you know you have a problem that can only be dealt with by years of expensive therapy. Don't waste your money on that, however buy more video games to escape those problems. This game will make you question many things. Things like why can horses climb up walls? Or, why do dragons land just so you can kill them? It is a very thought provoking game. I plan to write all future essays that I have to write on this game and minecraft. Buy this game so you can be like me!]A must get for any RPG fan, DOWN WITH MMO, the elder scrolls will always be a single player experience or nothing at all.]Mod it until it breaks]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, what could i say about this fantastic game! As always Bethesda has give us a MASTERPIECE of a game, Bethesda is used to make high detailed open world RPG games, following Fallout 3 from 2008 with the open world high detail terain they did it again, but in a much larger world with much more stuff to explore, Tod Howard is a genious... The story is great, some kind of fetish for prisoners is what Bethesda loves, but the whole game is unbeatable, even after you finish the game and start all over again you will find something new, random events are great, so it gives you planty of side quests, apsolutly an amazing game, 9.5/10]The best RPG that I've played in a long time. Very beautiful and a perfect game for mods. Amazing 10/10. Its a steal while its on sale.]There is NEVER nothing to do in skyrim!]If you dont have Skyrim then I dont no why you have a gaming PC for lol The Elder Scrolls series is my all time favorite action role-playing open world fantasy video game and Fallout to. Bethesda make the best open world game and it worth ever penny you pay for it. This game can be played for months on end alone and thats not including the mods. The story and the atmosphere of the world is just amazing I cant wait to injoy the world using a 3d Virtual Reality Headset I might not want to come back to the real world lol but i give it a 100 out of 100 must buy if you own a gaming PC]Fus Ro dah This is a 9.9/10 game im not used to not wallrunning and lots of lag :(]I've modded this game for 3years. As vanilla maybe not that good, but when you start modding it, even the graphics look beast. This game + all of ultimate  mods = (   ) Shout out to Loverslab modders, keep up the "hard" work (   )]the best game i have ever played]This is my Favorite RPG game ever. The quests are well designed and fun to do whilst being easy to get started Subtract everything you hate about past elder scrolls games, add everything you love, add a better engine that does not crash on you every 10 minutes and is not a steaming pile of bugs, pretty up everything, make the faces cooler and make just about everything better and you have skyrim. This game is a masterpiece, its the game that we have been waiting for in 2011, (Most titles this year have been bad to say the least) This game would deserve a perfect 10 if not for the super lame secondary main quest which is the civil war, you can kill the final boss in one hit, I understand that level scaling is bad in most cases, but in some cases things have to be level scaled. The annoying part is, the civil war is about the length of the dragon questline! this game would get a 9.7 in my book now, thanks to that one little detail, but since metacritic forces me to round up my score, 10 it is!]The never ending game of pure fun :)]If you aren't playing it now, well... I feel sorry for you.]One of my favorite RPG Open World Fantasy games! World is really big and just fantastic. I love the style and gameplay of this game. Quests are really fun and you are never bored while playing. I really like the style of playing because you can play as warrior or wizard style. Also there are skills/levels for character which you decide which one to upgrade. World is huge! Fantasy level is normal because you can kill also normal warriors/people instead only monsters/dragons. Story line is really sick! Only the problem is on start of game because you need to walk a lot but later when you discover all the places and towns then you can use fast travel option. Game also have a lot of side quests and hiden places to complete and discover especially if you buy legendary edition of the game then you have a lot of new quests. Like i said, it's one of the best RPG games so i reccommend this game to all RPG and Fantasy lovers. Game it totally worth of money! 9,5/10]In Skyrim you may find yourself in a huge open world where you can choose which path of many you'll take, and, if you put enough effort, why not all of them? You have a really good main questline that is surrounded by even better questlines, like the epic Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood quests. You will have over two hundred hours of game before you're able to say "I've got no more quests to do". If you've finished your main questline, slayed Alduin and saved the world, you can still go after the Dragon Claws, Dragon Shouts, Dragon Priests Masks(you probably notice they've got all about dragons this time right?), becoming the leader of the Mages College of Winterhold, Thieves Guild, Companions, Dark Brotherhood, becoming a general on a civil war, collecting all the Daedric Artifacts(which one has its unique quest), joining the Bards Guild, and even doing tons of sidequests, and do all of this with a character that most suits your style of playing, it can be a mage, battle mage, warrior, berserker, paladin, stealth assassin, rogue, summoner... And I'm not even talking about the DLCs that come with new questlines and a whole new continent for you to explore. As if this was not enough, the game counts with a incredible number of totally functional mods that can add more quests, more races, more weapons and armors, take the graphs to a whole new level, make the game mor immersive, give you a new user interface, completely change the whole game that even make you feel like you don't know how to play skyrim anymore(T3nd0, i'm talking to you), and all kinds of mods you can think about(don't use it too much or you may end up like a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle slaying trains on Mario Land). That's it, if you like action RPG with a lot of stories for you to be part of there's no way you're not liking Skyrim.]Bought it yesterday and already have 15 hours logged... WORTH!]THE, best game of all time]DON'T PLAY THIS GAME, if you have something else you must do. When I got this game, I spent 32 hours in the first 3 days. You just want to help every random citizen you can meet and complete all the quests. This game is fun and you will have stuff to do in it and you will be missing from life for at least two weeks before you get bored, just to start again a few weeks later!]Beast Game i learned how to unlock locked doors in real life xD]It's like Skyrim... with swords!]This game at my soal 10/10]This game has taken so much of my time up, but Do not regret it for a second. Originally I had it on the ps3 when it first came out and sunk about 300-400 hours into it then, After the debacle with the DLC on the ps3 I bought the game on the 360 so that I could play the DLC when they each came out and sunk a few more hundred hours into the game. Now I have finally found wisdom and got myself a gaming pc I have it again, this time modded for a whole new experience to sink more and more hours into. If you like fantasy, first person and making up your own character back story and character quirks then this is the game for you. You can do anything and everything in this game, but the question is, what does your character want to do?]One of the best games made in the last few years]This game has taken so much of my time up, but Do not regret it for a second. Originally I had it on the ps3 when it first came out and sunk about 300-400 hours into it then, After the debacle with the DLC on the ps3 I bought the game on the 360 so that I could play the DLC when they each came out and sunk a few more hundred hours into the game. Now I have finally found wisdom and got myself a gaming pc I have it again, this time modded for a whole new experience to sink more and more hours into. If you like fantasy, first person and making up your own character back story and character quirks then this is the game for you. You can do anything and everything in this game, but the question is, what does your character want to do?]One of the best games made in the last few years]I currently have 224 hours logged into this game and I haven't ever beaten the main questline. 10/10]Lovely game, aye!]Anyone who says this games sucks, sucks.]I absolutely love this game. I have spent many hours playing it on the xbox360 and ended up buying it again on the PC so I could start trying all the interesting mods and HD rendering. This is a game that you can play over and over again and each time you play through it, it is an entirely different experience. Only downside I can think of is there are a few questlines where you have an option to go one way or the other (I wont go into details to avoid spoilers) any one side is really well developed and interesting and the other falls short. There are only a couple of them where this applies though.]One of my favorite RPG Open World Fantasy games! World is really big and just fantastic. I love the style and gameplay of this game. Quests are really fun and you are never bored while playing. I really like the style of playing because you can play as warrior or wizard style. Also there are skills/levels for character which you decide which one to upgrade. World is huge! Fantasy level is normal because you can kill also normal warriors/people instead only monsters/dragons. Story line is really sick! Only the problem is on start of game because you need to walk a lot but later when you discover all the places and towns then you can use fast travel option. Game also have a lot of side quests and hiden places to complete and discover especially if you buy legendary edition of the game then you have a lot of new quests. Like i said, it's one of the best RPG games so i reccommend this game to all RPG and Fantasy lovers. Game it totally worth of money! 9,5/10]In Skyrim you may find yourself in a huge open world where you can choose which path of many you'll take, and, if you put enough effort, why not all of them? You have a really good main questline that is surrounded by even better questlines, like the epic Thieves Guild and Dark Brotherhood quests. You will have over two hundred hours of game before you're able to say "I've got no more quests to do". If you've finished your main questline, slayed Alduin and saved the world, you can still go after the Dragon Claws, Dragon Shouts, Dragon Priests Masks(you probably notice they've got all about dragons this time right?), becoming the leader of the Mages College of Winterhold, Thieves Guild, Companions, Dark Brotherhood, becoming a general on a civil war, collecting all the Daedric Artifacts(which one has its unique quest), joining the Bards Guild, and even doing tons of sidequests, and do all of this with a character that most suits your style of playing, it can be a mage, battle mage, warrior, berserker, paladin, stealth assassin, rogue, summoner... And I'm not even talking about the DLCs that come with new questlines and a whole new continent for you to explore. As if this was not enough, the game counts with a incredible number of totally functional mods that can add more quests, more races, more weapons and armors, take the graphs to a whole new level, make the game mor immersive, give you a new user interface, completely change the whole game that even make you feel like you don't know how to play skyrim anymore(T3nd0, i'm talking to you), and all kinds of mods you can think about(don't use it too much or you may end up like a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle slaying trains on Mario Land). That's it, if you like action RPG with a lot of stories for you to be part of there's no way you're not liking Skyrim.]I absolutely enjoyed every minute spent in this game - mostly free roaming and unwittingly finding side quests. Strongly recommended. My personal top 10 of all times.]This game... I love it. You should play it,]I been playing this game before but on steam plus the all dlc's and the game is just awesome plus the workshop you can just add the mods without any problems and if you need help just go to the community and disscious and there is always people to help you out :)]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, what could i say about this fantastic game! As always Bethesda has give us a MASTERPIECE of a game, Bethesda is used to make high detailed open world RPG games, following Fallout 3 from 2008 with the open world high detail terain they did it again, but in a much larger world with much more stuff to explore, Tod Howard is a genious... The story is great, some kind of fetish for prisoners is what Bethesda loves, but the whole game is unbeatable, even after you finish the game and start all over again you will find something new, random events are great, so it gives you planty of side quests, apsolutly an amazing game, 9.5/10]The best RPG that I've played in a long time. Very beautiful and a perfect game for mods. Amazing 10/10. Its a steal while its on sale.]There is NEVER nothing to do in skyrim!]Play it. Everyone else did.]There's dragons. 10/10]One of the best open world RPG games on the market right now. Whether you've played Oblivion, Morrowind, or never touched an Elder Scrolls game before, you're almost certain to love it.]ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED 10/10]THIS GAME. IS AWESOME. PLAY IT. PLAY IT NOW. DO IT. NO QUESTIONS ASKED/NEEDED.]Skyrim is one of the best games ever made. The Elder Scrolls games is my second favorite game series of all time behind the Halo series and before the Mass Effect series. Its an amazing immersive game that I get lost into every time I hear that music.]Awesome game. Great potential for modders, small time and professional]I reccomend it, better than Oblivion]best game every one should get it!:)]Skyrim is a great game that will keep you entertained for hours on end. The game is far from perfect but if you overlook those few bugs you will greatly enjoy the game . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Keizaal los lot kred tol fen dein hi entertained fah omaar nau oblaan. kred los gut nol tozeinnu nuz waan hi overlook den lith pusojur hi fen lotgaar kujiir kred.]I been playing this game before but on steam plus the all dlc's and the game is just awesome plus the workshop you can just add the mods without any problems and if you need help just go to the community and disscious and there is always people to help you out :)]So much to do on this game. I've lost days playing this game. it is hands down the best game ever.]Well i think we cant say enything new about Skyrim. This game is just awesome in alot of ways, The thing i rly like is that u can change views from 3th to 1st person eny time u desire. I recommend this game for enyone who is looking for exitement in an rpg game. U will get pulled from one story to the other all while exploring this vast and wonderfull world (nicely polished) The only small thing i can find is the fact that there is no Online-Multi co-op option, but then i guess thats where Eso will fill in the blanks. 9-10 sound(track) 9-10 storyline 8-10 gameplay-mechanics A Big thumbs up.]Amazing game, even if I get lost in the map quite often, way too big :)]You know these like games. ONCE IN LIFETIME. There are not many games as great as Skyrim. For my opinion one of the best games ever will be made. The story is a bit seen though but because great Skyrim is famous for it's mods the story will be more interesting after a few mods installed. Graphics are just great. Actually they keep me speechless mostly. And of course bugs, they are the balancing thing between the bloody combat, magic, sthealthiness and travelling. They make this game interesting. I mean that players sometimes even seem to look for the bugs. but as I said in the start ONCE IN LIFETIME. Great game. with 0(worst) - 10(best) i would give 9]An amazing game, can only get bored when you're stuck in dungeons, make sure you learned Clairvoyance! Pros: -Many factions you can join -Great main storyline -Great side quests storylines -Amazing graphics -A lot of weapons you can choose from -A lot of magic spells you can learn -Mod-friendly -Just... everything Cons: -Some of the voices are annoying as  -When changing tabs, double cursor happens (fixed using OneTweak mod) 95/100 from me.]A massively epic RPG that is worthy of the Elder Scrolls name. Nails immersion, and makes you feel like you're present in the beautiful, and acutely detailed Tamriel. Has tons of quests and secondary missions that will keep you busy for days, and if you eventually finish everything this game has to offer, you could always download new, custom made missions and maps from the Steam Workshop. If you don't have this, you're missing out. Best RPG of 2011.]This game is a gift to gamers who enjoy exploring and being a badass. You will do PLENTY of both. I'm 100 hours in, and I feel like I haven't even really scratched the surface of what there is to see and do in this game.]Caution: say goodbye to your social life if you're planning to play this game. XD]I was mollested by things I didnt know even exist. 11/10]What more is there to say? This is one of the Ultimate RPG Experiences available anywhere. This title is very mod friendly and the choices as such are vast. Highly-highly reccomended!!!]Skyrim Is a open world game fill with adventure and places to explore there also many fun mods that add alot to the game you should not wait to buy this one!]arrow in knee 8.5/10]Skyrim has to be one of the most epic (and I mean that in large proportions as well as completely awesome) games that I have ever played. There is a deep sense of immersion to be found, hours upon hours of gameplay (especially if you create multiple characters) and a near endless supply of awesome mods to keep you going. Only things I don't like: Buggy as I'll get out, although not unplayably so. Just ask someone about the horses. Dragon Combat is a bit lacking The Sneak skill is freaking BROKEN you can one shot bosses if you aren't on the harder difficulties Lets fight even MORE Dragur! Also, PLEASE get a DLC, at least one, and Hearthfire doesn't count. They are both good, get one, get both, heck get Legendary Edition if you want and have them ALL, but please get one of them. They add so much to the game. All in all, I'd say 9/10. Great game :D]It certainly is dumbing down compared with Oblivion and especially Morrowind, but it's great if you don't want to use intelligence and just want to have fun. Use an Xbox controller for the best experience.]Perhaps one of the best games of all time.]It is a good game, get mods like batman armor, don't be a commie.]in' perfection right here...]Love! Definitely recommend. I love just how customizeable the story is for anyone. You can make the story unique to your character. The great thing about the game is that you make the choices to shape the story. The graphics are beautiful and the map is huge and diverse, ranging from icy barren tundras to lush pine forests to the open ocean, which adds to the atmosphere. Loads of quests and storylines ensure that you'll never be bored or find yourself with nothing to do in the game; it has lots of replay value. The only thing to be wary of are the various bugs. Most of them are an easy fix but a few can cause you to have to start the entire game over, which can be frustrating once you've logged in a lot of time with one character. Overall, great game, and would definitely suggest for any fantasy buff. :)]Gahd dammit, I have edited this THIRCE now, due to restarting Morrowind, getting a shot of nostaliga, and thinking that it was marginally better than Skyrim. Long story short, Bethesda did a very good jobon Skyrim, and made quite a few IMPROVMENTS to Morrowind. 10/10 I SHALL STOP EDITING THIS NOW!]Excellent game for when you want your own personal game time. Plenty of quests for when you want to make progress on storylines. But just as enjoyable if you want to just chillax and explore. The latest patches go a long way but highly recommend the unofficial patches to fix some left over minor bugs. The workshop and nexus have excellent mods to customise the base game into a version you enjoy. If you found something annoying in the game, likely someone else did too and already created a mod for it.]Note: My experience may vary from yours since I was running 70+ mods, some of which altered companion AI, voiced dialogue, graphics, etc. This review is directed at players who never played The Elder Scrolls before and have little experience with fantasy RPGs. Skyrim is one of the greatest western RPGs of this generation but I'm convinced that it's not for everyone. If you're not sure if this is the right game for you, then ask yourself the following questions: 1. Do you enjoy playing in a fantasy setting similar to Lord of the Rings that includes magic, Orcs, Elves, demons, etc. ? 2. Do you enjoy lore? That includes paying attention to the dialogue, considering the impact of your choices on the main story and possibly even reading many pages of text? (the last one is optional) 3. Do you enjoy exploring dungeons? It involves enemies, simple puzzles and loot that may include gear or ability upgrades. 4. Do you enjoy playing a single player experience in a vast open world with only AI to interact with? MMO players often find the game too quiet and lonely. 5. Do you enjoy embarking on hundreds of side quests? I know a number of people who were distracted by the side quests and eventually forgot what the main story was about and unfortunately quit. 6. (Optional) Do you enjoy endless modding possibilities? Skyrim has the biggest modding community on the internet and the things you can change range from absurd to epic. Please note that excessive modding can make your game very unstable and even render it unplayable if you're not very careful. I spent days preparing a list of cohesive mods then I installed and uninstalled them a number of times and troubleshooted multiple problems to make them work. The process can very tedious but the results are completely worth it. If your answer to all the above questions is Yes, then I would recommend that you get Skyrim. A number of my friends quit the game within a few days because they got distracted by side quests and forgot the goal of the main story. If you're like them then I recommend that you beat the main campaign first. You'll have all the time in the world after that for the various quests, factions and DLCs. Bethesda's take on the various playable races and their designs is very different from the likes of Lord of the Rings and Warcraft. Do not expect to see skimpy armors or fair elves. The game has a considerable number of bugs. Nothing that would ruin your experience but expect the occasional glitch or crash to happen. I recommend saving every often. Fallout 3 or NV fan? You will feel right at home. Just replace the guns with swords and magic and the post apocalyptic wasteland with a fantasy setting.]Fantastic game! Gamers who enjoy a continuous story and plenty amounts of side missions and quests filled with magic, dragons and old fashioned combat, will be more satisfied than having a fap on a sunday morning. Great graphics, great gameplay, great storyline. Not much else can be said apart from it being MASSIVELY ADDICTIVE!]Really the best game i played!! It's RPG,lot of gameplay,dragons,wild animals,guards,you can be a thief,assassins,with dlcs u can be vampire lord... Worth any euros,dollars etc.! I play it all the time (when i'm on PC) and it's really awesome! I don't know what to write 'cuz i already tell u :D AWESOME ~ with one word! +Awesome gameplay +graphic +dlcs are awesome +Map (villages,castles...) +Sound VERY VERY HIGH RECOMMEND THAT GAME!!!!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, so much to say about this game. I will try to keep it short.  = Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  = Amazing  This game is without a doubt the best, and I mean, the best game I have ever played. In all its beauty, Skyrim brings you all your heart could possibly desire. You can practically be anything you want and the options are endless. Customize your characher like there is no tomorrow. If you want to explore, this is the game. If you want to fight endless ammounts of bad guys and monsters, this is the game. If you want a variety of different combat styles, this is the game. You get to do all that in the most beautiful universe, and I assure you, that you will play no other game that has the same extrodinary nature like Skyrim. Even if you aren't the biggest fan of singleplayerbased games, this game will catch your attention right away. This is a true beauty. ing fantastic!]Very fun game, and very addicting.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a wonderfully immersive and detailed game. There are so many choices available to the player, from exploring dungeons to getting married. The game is just so amazing, especially when you replace 90 percent of Bethesda's own content and replace it with custom content. 10/10 Would bang.]EPIC RPG! Must have it!]"The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is an amazing, enticing open world with vast quanities of things to do. Whether it be fighting off Legendary dragons or delving deep into the ancient Dwemer ruins, it is impossible to get bored. The music is exhilarating and triumphant, the gameplay is stupendous, the languages within the game are linguistically beautiful and you feel like the characters are one with your family. After indulging for hours on end playing this game, you'll find your self-impowerment increasing and you will feel like the Dovakhiin, or, Dragonborn. The soul of a warrior... (I recomend playing at an "Adept" or "Legendary" game difficulty or the game will seem a bit slow) -Enthusiastic]First Person Role Playing Game with decent story and gameplay, yes.]I really enjoyed this game.]Well I got to start reveiwing at some point the game may be a few years old but it is still fun to play the exploring a huge facter is the mods the modding community has really kept this game alive it makes every thing from Bunny follower to just funny swords like a giant popsical it has apsects of a mmo like the role playing mounted combat the freedom you have getting married oh then getting divorced Freedom right? xD crafting is fun even better with mods when you can crafy stuff like Spartan armour assasins creed armour, even a Darth vader helmet the game is endless of what you can do if you put your mind to it like I even a pregnant Npc mod O_O as I said it is endless in what you can do :)]Bum bum bum bum badadadum. If there was a game that would ruin your life with the same effects as crack then this would be beat only by World of Warcraft. When you buy a game twice just so you can mod it you know you have a problem that can only be dealt with by years of expensive therapy. Don't waste your money on that, however buy more video games to escape those problems. This game will make you question many things. Things like why can horses climb up walls? Or, why do dragons land just so you can kill them? It is a very thought provoking game. I plan to write all future essays that I have to write on this game and minecraft. Buy this game so you can be like me!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.. More than Oblivion,less than Morrowind but stop! It's likely to Morrowind! I bet it! There're lots of exciting quests there,lots places to discover,books to read and stories to be listened to. Yes,some guilds hasn't as unexpectable Q-endings as Morrowind's had. But, anyway, if you're fond of The Elder Scrolls you should try it now! P.S. There're lots of interesting things in the game as it is but you can download plenty diffirent modifications though!]THIS GAME IS AMAZING, this game is all you will ever play for weeks there is sooooooooo much to do and you will never reach the end in under 500 hours it is worth every penny and more.]I used to be an adventurer like you Then I wasted time not playing this game]Join the world of Skyrim and become anything you want and kill anything you want ! Dragon, Orc, Vampire, Elf, Wizzard, Human (etc.) be or kill, the chose is yours One of the rare games where the side quests are as exciting as the Main Quest]This game is perhaps one of the most comprehensive, vast, and expansive games I have ever played. Throughout my journey through the world of Skyrim, searching through nordic wastelands, crawling through massive dungeons, and completing wonderful questlines, I felt utterly involved, and absorbed into the game. This is a game I very happily paid $60 for, and would highly reccomend it to anyone who's played an RPG similar to this in the past, or even just people who haven't, but would like to know what the epitome of an RPG may be. This has been my favorite game to play through, and I don't regret a second of gameplay.]FUS RO DAH. That's it.]THE BEST GAME I EVER HAD ! I'ts full of glitches, graphics are bad, but the gameplay is epic! I play it since 2013 and I stil love it!]Hit a deer while on my horse, Deer flew off into the distance. 11/10]Ehm so I have to write a report.. Errr, well done.. Whoever made this game? System and gameplay is so much in depth, more when you like something and suddenly you discover it has more "features" if you look deeper. I know it's blah blah blah but that how I found this system xD Storyline is one of the best! 50h isn't enough to finish the story.. Well, not for me specially when you give me RPG to play. Lel. Graphics.. Even though I'm running the game on Ultra with very nice and smooth fps, I had to downloaded the HighTextures and other graphics enhancment mods so I'd enjoy my moment in-game .. Jungle xD This game is sick! I couldn't drop it for a little so i'd finish Persona Q .. Which I just played the first 15min T.T Best of luck lol.]Awesome mod platform]11/10 would skyrim again. Mod support, an immersive world, amazing soundtrack, and an amazing addition to the elder scrolls series. Everytime I start playing this game I find something more to do in the world.]Couldnt fap hard enough.... 10/10]Action RPG   !     RPG    .]The best RPG ever made. The story's not amazing, but the gameplay and the vast open world is worth exploring (and it's fun to do so). Skill trees are intuitive, dialogue is quick, and the quests are plentiful. I have played it for over 1,000 hours. Truly glorious.]In my mind the game is a masterpiece, the game looks amazing, and is in my mind very well made, as for the storyline, I adore it. There are of course a few minor things in the game, for example the horses, they move very weird and they are quite slow compared to walking. The game itself is a fantastic experience with superb gameplay, beautiful graphics, and majestic music. The fun part is you can get mods installed easily on the game through the workshop on steam, its fun to mod the game with several mods and make it after your own liking. The game over all gets a 9.5 out of 10, as its a superb and amazing game with a fantastic storyline.]It is a good game, get mods like batman armor, don't be a commie.]I absolutely enjoyed every minute spent in this game - mostly free roaming and unwittingly finding side quests. Strongly recommended. My personal top 10 of all times.]Great Game 11/10]I've modded this game for 3years. As vanilla maybe not that good, but when you start modding it, even the graphics look beast. This game + all of ultimate  mods = (   ) Shout out to Loverslab modders, keep up the "hard" work (   )]in' perfection right here...]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, so much to say about this game. I will try to keep it short.  = Poor  = Fair  = Good  = Nice  = Awesome  = Amazing  This game is without a doubt the best, and I mean, the best game I have ever played. In all its beauty, Skyrim brings you all your heart could possibly desire. You can practically be anything you want and the options are endless. Customize your characher like there is no tomorrow. If you want to explore, this is the game. If you want to fight endless ammounts of bad guys and monsters, this is the game. If you want a variety of different combat styles, this is the game. You get to do all that in the most beautiful universe, and I assure you, that you will play no other game that has the same extrodinary nature like Skyrim. Even if you aren't the biggest fan of singleplayerbased games, this game will catch your attention right away. This is a true beauty. ing fantastic!]Well i think we cant say enything new about Skyrim. This game is just awesome in alot of ways, The thing i rly like is that u can change views from 3th to 1st person eny time u desire. I recommend this game for enyone who is looking for exitement in an rpg game. U will get pulled from one story to the other all while exploring this vast and wonderfull world (nicely polished) The only small thing i can find is the fact that there is no Online-Multi co-op option, but then i guess thats where Eso will fill in the blanks. 9-10 sound(track) 9-10 storyline 8-10 gameplay-mechanics A Big thumbs up.]Amazing game, even if I get lost in the map quite often, way too big :)]Would be better if it had guns]Worst game I've ever played. 10/10.]theres funny knee jokes 10/10]best first person shooter horror game ive ever played]Game is great only the saving is a problem coz it barely autosaves so remember to save heaps Otherwise GAME IS AWESOME coz you can kill bandits and sell their sh*t 8/10]Amazing game truly a masterpiece for all of time.]If you have never played. Then what the heck are you waiting for? Just be prepared to become the game. It's all comsuming and probably the best money you will ever spend on an RPG game. It's that good. PC is by far the best way to play it.]Great game Great Consept Great Lore Everything a Woodby Lore seeker could ever Dream about, That whid reason Tho Will Likely Murder any Low-Rank Computer it ever whud lay its Sharb nice claws on]I don't think there is much to be said about Skyrim that hasn't already. If you were ever a fan of the Elder Scrolls games then you already have Skyrim; if you're not a fan then you probably own Skyrim anyways because it's a fantastic RPG. With the new generation of gaming and the unprecedented popularity of console gaming, Skyrim did suffer from the "Dumbing down" that a lot of cross-platform releases suffer from (wonky console controls, scaled back texture quality, etc.) however, a couple of easy mods sort that right out.]This game is simply AMAZING and it has soul, the art style, music and character models make Skyrim the most spectacular experience so far in terms of a living world to explore. Skyrim is not so much an RPG as it is an "Adventure Simulator."]I killed a chicken and the whole village attacked me. 10/10.]First off, it's a great game, it would be stupid to deny it, but if you've had some issues with Morrowind and Oblivion (and even Fallout 3), they haven't been fixed. The animations are still awkward, the combat AI is stiil "fight or flee", without any variation or tactics needed. I don't care about the "main story" as it's a sandbox, but the dialog is abysmal. The balance later in the game crawls into a hole and dies, making the game quite dull the farther you get. And as with any Bethesda title, there are bugs everywhere. But it's still fun to play and when the community starts churning out mods, it's gonna be amazing. As someone who hated Oblivion before it was cool to hate it, I say I had fun with Skyrim. Get it when it's on sale.]Fantastic RPG/Action/Adventure game. It's got an ample amount of places to explore and things to do. Theres plenty of quests and sidequests to take on. The game can also be pretty challenging depending on where you are, how powerful you are, etc. You will happily lose 100+ hours into this great game.]I still killed many innocent people 10/10]I love this game, used to play all the other elder scrolls when I was younger on xbox, but then I bought a pc and i realised I needed to rebuy this game. This game is never ending awesomeness if your into rpg and theres hundreds of quests and things to do. If you have a lot of free time I recommend!]The game is fairly fun but if you go down the tank route (heavy armor and 2 handed) then you area basically (almost) invincible. but still its a lot of fun. altough adding a few mods to make the gameplay harder is always nice ;) 10/10]One of the best role-playing games I have ever played. Following the footsteps of the previous Elder Scrolls and improving in most aspects of the series, Skyrim has everything you want on a role-playing game. From exploring the world and killing dragons to creating your own house and cooking, the game rarely gets boring as you have a lot to do. Ridiculous amount of quests, gear, cities, landmarks, character builds make the game very enjoyable to play more than once.]Like a good anal fisting but with dragons. 10/10 IGN]Skyrim is one of those games that have a very poor storyline the truth is that it takes only about an hours to finish skyrim main storyline. And if you play for good storyline dont buy skyrim get a different game. Skyrim is that kind of game where every dungeon will look the same each side quest will be generic and similar, however what makes skyrim a game I will recommend to others is the ability to do what you want as a player. Skyrim allows you to freeroam in a huge open world, as well as ability to mod the game. Modding this game is what it means to play skyrim download 30+ mods and explore endless possibilities. If you like to mess around with games and you wouldnt mind to spend few minutes to understand how to add mods to your game then pick skyrim because I could play this game for days with no sleep as long as I find a good pack of mods. However without the mods this game can only keep one interested for 10hours or so.]Beautifull game. The story is great. Sooo many weapons/armour to choose and make. The open world is masssive. I have spent 182 Hours on it. Stunning graphics, especially when you mod it. If you are a Elder Scrolls fan, you must add this game to your library! Personally I give it a 10/10.]Its liek far cry 3 with dragons and without guns 10/10]The game for anyone who haven't delved into the adult section of the internet but still want release, 10/10 need more werewolf barmitzas]Dragonborne is a pretty cool guy. He steals souls, and steals things, and doesnt afraid of any bandits.]Best game I have ever played. You need to make another Elder Scrolls Game]Best character creation sim ever, not only can you tweak almost every detail of your character but you can also try them out for a few hours before you create a new one. I've been told there is an actual story in there and even more quest but my A.D.D. kicks in and I end up just creating a new character. 10/1o would create again]I love this game and with all the extra workshop and player created content I feel like I'll never finish it.]good fun - and you can use console commands ;)]Game of the years !]Skyrim is like Pringles. A more serious review: The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is without a doubt, one of the very few games that hooked me on for hours. Very few games achieved that. I've played many games that as much as I loved and enjoyed playing, they couldn't suck me in this black hole where I just can't stop. Skyrim is like Pringles, say you only want one chip, then you want another, and another, in the end you finished the entire can before you know it. As a game, Skyrim's endless number of quests, side stories, NPCs, items, dungeons, random overworld events mean you never run out of things to do, which also means you can never really stop until you tell yourself "I've totally played this for way too long". Skyrim is a first person RPG, a standard not many RPGs follow. Nearly every one I've played is third person or real time, but the first person style makes Skyrim that much more engaging, with combat very skill oriented. You have stats, but it is simplified to only health, stamina and magic, meaning there's no need to fiddle around with crazy amounts of numbers to figure out what are the "best" equipment. Some may disagree and prefer having more stat variety, I say the simplicity means you spend less time looking at your inventory and more time fighting, which is where the fun is. Unlike most other RPGs, if you missed, it's because you missed. Everything based on your skill of aiming. Similarly, if you failed to block, you didn't block in time. All of this makes Skyrim the most action oriented RPG game I've played, something which I find really fun. Fighting is all part of your own skill whilst other RPGs are basically down to just picking the right skills and hoping the RNG will make the enemies miss or for you to land more critical hits. TESV: Skyrim is a black hole. It is Pringles. It is the game that few games achieved to do to me. Suck me in and not let go. For comparison, the other games that did this were: Pokemon Red, The Sims and Metroid Prime. I give TESV: Skyrim a Pringles/10]I think this is a very detailed and well put together game. It is worth you money and will give you enjoyment for hours. It is also a good game to mod.]Category Score Notes Visuals 9 Skyrim is a breathtaking and consistent world that makes you want to walk around just to see what else it has to offer. Open fields, mountains, and dragons flying in the distance truly make you feel as though you've been sucked into the world of the Elder Scrolls. Unfortunately, the occasional but noticeable muddy textures can get in the way of that experience. Story 8 Some quests are mundane and some set you on the path to greatness. The game presents you with many choices, most of which are just different means to the same end, but some of which actually have an impact and will make you think twice. Attentive gamers will find all sorts of hidden stories told through notes, subtle dialogue cues, or even just the way objects are laid out in a certain room. Gameplay 7 Finding the right difficulty setting can be a challenge in itself and some of the skill trees are significantly more powerful than others. Nonetheless, there is plenty of variety and room for experimentation for how you want to play and plunging a sword through a dragon's head rarely gets old. The world comes especially alive when you avoid fast-travel. Sound 10 Jeremy Soul's four-hour soundtrack adds a layer of emotion to your journey through Skyrim that I didn't think possible until I heard that choir of over thirty people singing in the dragon tongue. The music adds suspense, melancholy, and wonder to the world. Towns have their own unique themes as well. Mods 10 Skyrim is a platform for an enormous amount of mods, which has allowed it to remain relevant and popular even years after its release. If you're just interested in prettying up your game, enhancing the vanilla experience, and making the game more immersive, you can do that. But if you'd rather drive the Batmobile to your sex dungeon and battle flying locomotives, you can do that too. Overall 9.3 A fun RPG set in an immersive world with epic music and seemingly endless things to do. Mods transform it from a good game to one of the greatest ever and significantly increases replay value.]Great game, especially with free mods!]This game is awesome! For people who like RPG and dragons, this is one of the must buy games. The greatest part o the game is its system of leveling up and its skill tree that are smartly made by using the character actions as training, and the dungeons are interesting and provide the player a choice to build his own strategic way to do it, according to your character's skill and equipment. The number of items that you can interact with is unbelieveable, just keep in mind that it has some useless itens too. The scenes are greatly made with a lot of details. It worths every penny! But just to be fair there's a point in the game that should've be improved: "The difficult of the puzzles". You won't find any hard logical obstacle to get through, so it's kind an easy game, but still worth playing.]Awesome RPG had two of put at least 200 hours on xbox. Even better when you mod it :)]A decent rpg game with a diverse open world which expose player to numerous challenges,simply to say u feel like ur living in the world of skyrim.]This was the first Elder Scrolls game that I played through all the way,I've never been crazy into TES games. That being said... The base game is enjoyable for a while until the quests get VERY repetitive and tedious. Fetching a weapon from a cave or killing a animal/bandit in a cave stops being fun very quickly and is used very often.The main story quests are decent ,but usually involves the actions mentioned above. The combat is very repetitive and simple.Spells specifically are underwhelming and straightforward. The game seems very simple and stripped down compared to other TES games. To me it's a diamond in the rough. A fairly solid game that saw it's potential realized by the modding scene ,and turned into an incredible game with almost limitless possibilities.]Really nice game :)]Found A Guy On A inn got drunk together and found myself in a unknown location miles far away. 1.000.000 / 10 Would get drunk again . The game really can be amazing even without mods .This game is the best expierience i have ever had on my life !]Love this game. Over 5700 hours and still fun to play.]I wasted all my life playing this game.]I spent so many hours modding and enjoying this game definenit must for PC my favorite game, personally.]It's one of the best games ever! :-)]I'm going to be totally chill about this review, but it's safe to say.........THIS IS THE BEST ING  ING GAME EVER OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! BUY IT NOW OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG]I'm not a dragon's b*tch like you :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix1dMTj3qXw]Classic RPG. Friggen Skyrim. You know what it is. Dragons, magic, arrows in Knee's.. The lot. 9/10]best game ever with lots of amazing mods . buy it fast]Suggestion: Play it on your PC. Endless fun with all sorts of modding & its boundless possibilities.]Imagine Fallout: New Vegas. Cover it with snow, take out the fire weapons and fill it with medieval ones. Sprinkle it with dragons, other fantasy monsters and horses, and you'll get something not far from Skyrim. Vanilla Skyrim is a good game. It could have been the best game made, but tries to cover such an enormous terrain, such an absurd amount of quests, it necessarily had to end up filled to the brim with bugs, unsolvable quests and various other glitches. Luckily for everybody, Bethesda decided to make this another of the moddable games, resulting in a nearly flawless epic adventure that you can customize to your own tastes. More dragons, no dragons, more quests, more provinces, more spells, more houses to buy or build and call your home. There's pretty much nothing you won't be able to find a mod for. The result is an amazing experience where you can put hundreds of hours with a single character (and not even counting the DLCs) while collecting items, exploring the bazillon dungeons all over Skyrim, comleting quests, or generally exploring the biggest game world I've ever seen. In short, this is as good as a game can be to put your money in.]10/10 This Game never gets old in my scrolls!]This game is 100% pure brilliance. If you're the type that likes RPG's (and if you're not it's a good way to start :> ) then this is definitely the game for you. The main story itself is quite good, but the way you can go before you get there, side quests and so forth, is just really really good. You should indulge yourself into this game, this is an amazing piece of art, and the design is just beautiful with and intriguing story. Don't forget that it's PC, and the biggest plus from that is the mod community. There are so many good mods, and mods that will make the game better. Buy it, it is just that great.]Bought Skyrim instead of game with cute little 2D anime girls. I am not a smart man.]One of my favorite games to play. It has endless lands to explore, at least it feels that way. I usually get really baked and explore deep down in the caverns getting lots of treasure.. I am the wizard master and I am a thief lord...HERE I AM!!!!]real life if u do it right]Skyrim the game where you can do absolute everything in every class you can think of. Loads and absolute loads of mods to add more stuff like replace all dragons with Thomas the tank engine :D or get fancy armour, weapons, characters from other games to improve your experiance. I would recomend this game for everyone who thinks the souls games are too hard. Think this game is too easy or dull? Tired of the game holding your hand? Try Dark Souls prepare to die edition or Dark souls 2]A very fun game. Please pick this up. However, I would recommend getting Oblivion and Morrowind too before touching this so it doesn't spoil your fun]10/10 would have friends.]Really kool game must play ;3]this game is fun i do not like the fact the main person is about to be de headed but it is a fun rpg has great mods and all kinds of fun stuff that i do not want to ruin for people who want to try it.]For a TES game? It's okay. Amazing RPG. Big expansions. Great soundtrack. If you don't mod it until it crashes, you're playing it wrong.]The funny, challenging, stimulating, entertaining and everlasting, first person (or third person if you prefer) fantasy open world role playing game everyone should play (and beat) at least once. Not to mention the active and prolific modding community which is keeping the game up to date with impressive mods, able to push graphics, audio and gaming experience far beyond the original, already huge, capabilities of the vanilla game.]It's a great experience to play. ... realistically. beautiful landscapes, immersive music. In my opinion the best game to try if you like the saga or if you are a follower of game with this genre. Skyrim in two words ''simplement magnifique.'' *** Update : As i can see if you keep playing the game hours and hours you would never get bored, plus you can find a lot of great Mods at the workshop to . I keep telling to myself that I should get more free time in my life to immerse myself completely into Skyrim (*O*)]Far Cry without guns]I still killed many innocent people 10/10]I love this game, used to play all the other elder scrolls when I was younger on xbox, but then I bought a pc and i realised I needed to rebuy this game. This game is never ending awesomeness if your into rpg and theres hundreds of quests and things to do. If you have a lot of free time I recommend!]The game is fairly fun but if you go down the tank route (heavy armor and 2 handed) then you area basically (almost) invincible. but still its a lot of fun. altough adding a few mods to make the gameplay harder is always nice ;) 10/10]Fixed the mod stuff, so hope we can get it back to 98 :D]The best video game I have ever played. It is just so much more than an epic, fantasy, rpg; it is an expierence. It is incredible, just buy it now.]This is the first Elder Scrolls I've really gotten in to. I'm not sure what about it grabbed me, but it bit hard, and is just now *starting* to let go, some 160 hours in. Seriously worth whatever you pay for it.]Well, much like previous Elder Scrolls games (I'm looking at you, Oblivion) the main quest line is very short, and very easy. Fortunately, there's plenty of other questing to be done, and the modding community is amazing, as it always has been. So, yeah, great (if a bit easy) content, great modding community, great game. Except for the guards bringing up knee arrows, but there's a mod to fix that!]Everyone knows this is the best game ever made and if you think otherwise then you are wrong. This is an open world action RPG, It is my favourite game by far and only the next sequel can ever top it. You start off as a prisoner who's about to be beheaded, from there you create your character from a variety of different races (human or beast) There is endless customization with what you can create and how realistic you character will look if you use mods, you don't have to because without this will still be your favourite game experience ever, but i don't see why not because it's simple to download mods from the nexus with just a few clicks and if you don't want to do that then you can easily browse the workshop from your library and install mods with a click of a button, that's what has kept this game so fun for so long and it will never get boring or old. There's various factions throughout the game you can join and become leader of, you can even become a werewolf or a vampire, the characters are all unique and loveable and you can have followers and even get married to your favourite ones, You can craft armor and weapons, enchant them, upgrade them, you can create potions, you can have your own home in this game, you level up and gain skill points to build the type of character you want, you can make a perk legendary when it get's to 100 so you level endlessely, there's always a rewarding amount of loot in each cave or dungeon you clear, i could go on forever, even just standing in the town enjoying the view of the lake is enjoyable in this game! The possibilitys with this game because of mods are endless, there's no need in other games when this game has EVERYTHING you could think of Seriously you have to buy it, if you want a game you will never get bored of, be easy to go back to whenever you want, never 100% complete because there's to much to do, then buy Skyrim]spend my time in skyrim to modding my char and overhaul landscapes.]There is nothing I can say about this game that hasnt been said yet. Just get it already if you havent!]One of the rare sequels that manages to live up to its title and it goes way beyond that. You have to see it in order to believe it: massive open world, tons of things to do, magic, politics, bandits, monsters, dragons you name it. On the other hand you have the Creation Kit and a friendly modding community. There is no doubt in my mind that The Elder Scrolls Skyrim is one of the best games ever created.]First, let me start off by saying that I have 750+ hours on this game. I started on my Xbox 360 long ago, bought it on steam once I joined the glorious PC master race, and migrated my saves with a flash drive. And then I said, "Screw that", and started all over again. Anyway, let's get into this incredible game I wasted so many hours of my life on. GRAPHICS: It all depends on your specs, and if you mod it. -Low Resolution, no mods: It's essentially a large N64 game, polygons EVERYWHERE. -Med Resolution, no mods: Looks very good, water and shadows are rought, and large models may repeat patterns, but still looks great. -High Resolution, no mods: Probably the most beautiful game you'll ever see, if you have the capabilities to run it. Everything looks great, the water, shadows, trees, even that angry Nord hitting you in the face with a battleaxe. -High Resolution, with mods: Naked people,  arrows, and bondage slaves everywhere. Be careful with skyrim mods, with resolution packs, the game looks incredibly lifelike, but theres some... strange ones out there (MLP: Friendship is Murder Mod Pack) -Graphics: 10/10 (It all depends on your specs) Story: The great thing about Skyrim is that, while the main quest is short, and fairly easy to complete, theres an INSANE amount of quests and alternate storylines! It goes from delivering a sword literally 100 feet away from where you're standing, to stopping a midget symbolic representation from getting beaten up by a normal sized symbolic representation, to waking up after getting black-out drunk with a god and fondling a religious statue, to SO MUCH MORE. And with all the radiant quests and random encounters, you'll never finish it all. Storyline/Quests: 9/10 (A lot of them repeat) AI/NPCs: Whoo, boy. This is where Skyrim (And really almost all Bethesda/Zenimax games) meet some kind of downfall. Updates have fixed them a lot since the release, but many, MANY times has a follower died because they walked straight into my own spell/sword swing, or repeated the same line over and over, or got stuck. Recently, it's been much better, but its still not very good. The characters themselves, however, are all very good. They all have backstories, and motives, and are all unique. AI/NPCS: 7.5/10 Lore: Theres hundreds of books, and character dialogue, and quests all to tell you the story of Tamriel and individual characters. The tiniest things have their own mention. Even if you've never played a single Elder Scrolls game before this, you'll pick it up easily. But, that being said, it can be overwhelming when you first start, and everything revolves around past lore. Lore: 9/10 Overview: Pros: -Great graphics -Good combat system -Skill trees let you become whatever you want -Story is incredible -Nearly no end to the amount of quests -Easy to mod, and a massive modding community -Hail Sithis Cons: -ING AI -High specs needed to run at full potential -Mods and DLC can be wonky with existing saves -No lollygaggin' Overview: 9/10 What, did someone steal your sweetroll?]Category Score Notes Visuals 9 Skyrim is a breathtaking and consistent world that makes you want to walk around just to see what else it has to offer. Open fields, mountains, and dragons flying in the distance truly make you feel as though you've been sucked into the world of the Elder Scrolls. Unfortunately, the occasional but noticeable muddy textures can get in the way of that experience. Story 8 Some quests are mundane and some set you on the path to greatness. The game presents you with many choices, most of which are just different means to the same end, but some of which actually have an impact and will make you think twice. Attentive gamers will find all sorts of hidden stories told through notes, subtle dialogue cues, or even just the way objects are laid out in a certain room. Gameplay 7 Finding the right difficulty setting can be a challenge in itself and some of the skill trees are significantly more powerful than others. Nonetheless, there is plenty of variety and room for experimentation for how you want to play and plunging a sword through a dragon's head rarely gets old. The world comes especially alive when you avoid fast-travel. Sound 10 Jeremy Soul's four-hour soundtrack adds a layer of emotion to your journey through Skyrim that I didn't think possible until I heard that choir of over thirty people singing in the dragon tongue. The music adds suspense, melancholy, and wonder to the world. Towns have their own unique themes as well. Mods 10 Skyrim is a platform for an enormous amount of mods, which has allowed it to remain relevant and popular even years after its release. If you're just interested in prettying up your game, enhancing the vanilla experience, and making the game more immersive, you can do that. But if you'd rather drive the Batmobile to your sex dungeon and battle flying locomotives, you can do that too. Overall 9.3 A fun RPG set in an immersive world with epic music and seemingly endless things to do. Mods transform it from a good game to one of the greatest ever and significantly increases replay value.]Great game, especially with free mods!]This game is awesome! For people who like RPG and dragons, this is one of the must buy games. The greatest part o the game is its system of leveling up and its skill tree that are smartly made by using the character actions as training, and the dungeons are interesting and provide the player a choice to build his own strategic way to do it, according to your character's skill and equipment. The number of items that you can interact with is unbelieveable, just keep in mind that it has some useless itens too. The scenes are greatly made with a lot of details. It worths every penny! But just to be fair there's a point in the game that should've be improved: "The difficult of the puzzles". You won't find any hard logical obstacle to get through, so it's kind an easy game, but still worth playing.]Awesome RPG had two of put at least 200 hours on xbox. Even better when you mod it :)]A decent rpg game with a diverse open world which expose player to numerous challenges,simply to say u feel like ur living in the world of skyrim.]This was the first Elder Scrolls game that I played through all the way,I've never been crazy into TES games. That being said... The base game is enjoyable for a while until the quests get VERY repetitive and tedious. Fetching a weapon from a cave or killing a animal/bandit in a cave stops being fun very quickly and is used very often.The main story quests are decent ,but usually involves the actions mentioned above. The combat is very repetitive and simple.Spells specifically are underwhelming and straightforward. The game seems very simple and stripped down compared to other TES games. To me it's a diamond in the rough. A fairly solid game that saw it's potential realized by the modding scene ,and turned into an incredible game with almost limitless possibilities.]Really nice game :)]For the little time i have played this game i have accomplished the following: Nothing apart from killing random people because i keep on getting side tracked from the main quest because the game is just to mlg! I R8 8/8]At the moment of writing this I have over 86 hours played in this game and still I'm not even near 50% of completion. Dragons, swords, bows, magic, being the chosen one in a land full of mistery, I mean, what else do you need in a game? The gameplay is perfect, the graphics are gorgeous - except for the ocassional shadow glitch, but nothing you can't fix with a mod -, and it has Steam Workshop for easy mod installation to make it even longer and better and prettier. Each DLC is worth every single cent, because it expands the gameplay A LOT, and by A LOT, take my word, I mean several hours more for you to spend on this game. Even though it has the bugs you can expect in a game developed by Bethesda - and yes, there are lots of bugs and glitches - you DON'T EVEN CARE because THE GAME IS SO ING AWESOME you'll not be paying attention to the bugs. And the best part is there are several unofficial and official patches in the Workshop that actually fix the bugs, so just browsing the Workshop for a few minutes is enough to get rid of them. A giant map, literally thousands of quests to do, skills to master, monsters to kill, books to read, dragons to slay, spells to learn, and places to explore, from dungeons to towns, a lot of replayability - believe me, you won't finish this game with only one character, you will be creating several to choose every single side possible in each conflict and making each choice you can to learn the whole story -, a magnificent lore, and the amount of mods available, make this game - along with its DLCs and expansions - one of the BEST GAMES EVER and a MUST BUY, from casual to hardcore gamers.]I personally think this is one of the best open world games I've played so far, aside from Oblivion and Morrowind. Skyrim, to me, seems to be a watered down version of an Elder Scrolls game, but with much better graphics of course. It's fit more for console gamers, but this is still an awesome game, I actually like playing this game with a controller to be honest. If you want a more in depht, complicated Elder Scrolls game, buy Oblivion or Morrowind. I also like the fact that this game has a Steam Workshop where you can download mods for your game to alter your experience, whether it'd be graphics, new hair styles, weapons, quests, just about anything you want to add to your game. Definitely a must have if you're a fan of Open World fantasy games that let you do or go wherever you wish.]Its like FarCry without guns!]Coming from someone who has never played Elder Scrolls games with the exception of Morrowind (though I didn't complete it), I was expecting this to be the same and just make me lose complete interest after a short while but turns out to be the complete opposite. Bethesda's latest Elder Scrolls game, Skyrim has really gotten me sucked in and having an interest in the franchise. The game was everything that I hoped for back in Morrowind but after its poor tutorial, confusing gameplay, and lack of direction on what to do, I gave up but ever since Skyrims release, Bethesda has addressed and improved beyond my expectations, beforehand and now. Things like the free save system, where you can save whenever you'd like, an enjoyable combat system with various kill animations, third-person mode, the improved questing journal and map tracking, settling and customizing your own house(s) or even just listening to the nordic chants of the fantastic soundtrack, these all add up to the experience. The story plays a fairly big part in any RPG. The rebel Stormcloaks, who are trying to break free from the Empire and be independant from the Imperial Legion, who are in conflict and waging war to determine who will prevail and claim Skyrim as their own. As well as having the infamous Thalmor elves have a neutral alliance with the Imperial Legion, in which nearly destroyed the Empire years ago (a scapegoat). In the middle of all this, dragons have been coming back to life without any explaination and how you need to stop it from happening as the Dragonborn or it will be the end of times with the legendary dragon, Alduin, the main antagonist of the game. While I applaud Bethesda for making such interesting and enjoyable side-storylines across the entire game, without spoilers, the main quests are somewhat disappointing, especially near the end as I felt the conclusion didn't live up to my expectations and felt underwhelmed. I didn't feel like it was a huge accomplishment which is something I really wanted at the end of this especially with Alduin leading the charge. As soon as the game starts, you're thrown right into the storyline with a very intense introduction and will eventually meet various characters along the way who you befriend to aid you along your adventures. NPCs, while they're improved, the guards may be just as generic while some of the other NPCs are unique and different in their own way (other than some shared voices). Learning about their backstory or an issue that we could help them with allows for many ways to approach this game and its interaction. This is an RPG for a reason and because of that, it's very welcome to not only talk with NPCs, but also reading various books and history about the events before AND during Skyrim. There are many things to do in this game, such as lockpicking, crafting, exploring, cooking, or just having some fun with a quest or killing random foes you meet out in the wild. Many other skills such as heavy armor for example, make you tougher and harder to beat down and reducing the weight of your armor (less weight = holding onto more items) when you wear heavy armor with various perks or sneak, which allows you to be more difficult to spot for enemies. You and also gaining various perks to say, do 6x the damage with a one-hander if you attack while sneaking. This can make encounters fun and how you want to deal with enemies throughout the game. Did I mention this game allows you to go at your own pace? Meaning you can approach a quest the way you want to and when you want to. There's no hand-holding here, you do what you want, making this game great for exploration which is hard to resist as you'll never know what you may find, be it a random encounter/event, a rare item/quest, or dungeon for even more loot. Not only that but their are no classes, so you can choose to be whatever you'd like, whether it be someone who relies on sneak and stealth to take out your enemies, the typical heavy armored warrior and fire casting wizard OR why not do a mix of either? You can dual-wield a sword with a magic spell in your off-hand rather than a shield. This lets to decide and choose on how you as the player want to play their character in a way you enjoy it the most. That being said, while the "role-playing" part is indeed fact, the combat is still not as great as many claim it to be. Yes, it has improved animations, it doesn't feel as stiff like it did previously in previous games when you say, swing your sword at the enemy and even has a kill-cam with various kill finishers (which is badass), I find it boring chopwork while watching the enemy health bar slowly get shorter and shorter, then drink potions when my own health goes low. Rinse and repeat. The finishing moves are awesome to look at and make you go: "That was brutal!" but eventually the same finishing moves occur back and forth and it gets old fairly quickly, yes, you'll unlock more the further you get into the game but their isn't a huge variety. Something I'd also like to add as well, while this game is great on its own, the true replayability and survival of this game continuing is simply the mods. The modding community has grown so much and popular with the game that many people have implemented new weapons, armor, mounts, quests, character customization, and even zones into the game. Pure console gamers have no idea what they're missing. Just seeing articles and videos doesn't do the modding community justice. It adds more depth and provides a lot more fun. What the modding community has achieved with Skyrim is downright incredible. Combat overhauls, visual enhancements, immersion mods, entirely new lands, and even UI mods can add so much to the experience. Half second loading times are a bonus. Of course, their are still small bugs/glitches that can occur but are most of the time, easily fixed with a reload. I have about more than 30 mods installed and my game is running smoothly on highest settings. At the end of the day, I feel as though, Bethesda has done an outstanding job and made me an Elder Scrolls fan where the previous games did more or less. Some factors in the previous game I did not like in Morrowind, everything here in Skyrim is so much more polished and well done, it's a lot easier to get into. Skyrim has raised the bar for all other RPGs out there and should not be ignored if you do not have this game yet. Despite the disappointing ending (in my opinion) of the main storyline, I have to say that Dawnguard and Dragonborn are much better, making the game even better since they both add quite a bit of content and storytelling to the game and fleshing out the world even more. If you're looking to getting this game, I recommend you wait for a sale on the Legendary Edition, that way, you get everything in one, and you're set to go. Oh, and you can't forget the mods, it makes the game that much better.]Probably my favourite RPG of all time. I found it hard to get immersed in Skyrim as the graphics just aren't very good, but then I installed a couple of mods and ENB's, and that totally fixed it.]Yes, I know there are about ten thousand reviews out there ranging from OMG BEST GAME 10/10 to THIS IS HORRIBLE AND OVERHYPED -100000 OUT OF 10 but I wanted to write this to cleanse my mind and soul from the hatred of the genre that I have held on to for a long while. Anyway, you're more than welcome to skip this unless you want to hear just what I have to say. Firstly, going to gloss over really quickly some things as I played this vanilla, no mods that I'm sure has been said hundreds of time, still necessary if you want an honest opinion. Somewhat glitchy, menu could be re-worked, difficulty rating is all over the place, customization could be better, bugs, BUGS EVERYWHERE. Now that is over with, time to share my thoughts on this game and it was fun, I cannot deny. Personally, I think the pacing was a bit slow, but totally worth it for what it is. The landscape is just so beautiful, it's actually amazing to run around in here instead of fast travelling all over the place. Don't care if the trek is four hours by foot, I can collect some things along the way while I'm at it and probably find a place or two to discover some neat gear. The most amazing part, at least to me, were the dragon fights. This is exactly how I picture epic fights for supremacy. When I hear that Dovahkiin chanting as I'm shooting arrow after arrow at those flying worms, I can't help but feel as if I am a hero destined to rid the world of evil. The story is actually pretty nice, though it kind of tends to speed over here and there which isn't too big of a deal. Hope you love side quests because there are many of them in here. Don't feel like going out to kill things? No problem, collect various materials to do alchemy, enchanting, or some basic crafting. If you are hardcore fan of the game, there is plenty of backstory given to you by various important and not-so-important people, you just need to ask around. In addition, there are hundreds of books that just ooze so much story that it could be collected in a single book itself. This game isn't meant for casual players, though, it's really more geared towards those that just love role-playing, not the leveling aspects, I mean actual, legitamite, you-are-in-this-world belief-it-or-not kind of game that just begs you to check every square inch to find that next quest or maybe some piece of gear that will aid you in your quests to save all of Skyrim. To put this entire game in a few short words: it's just plain exhaustive, simple as that.]One of the best games ever! This goes hand in hand with Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas, they all share the first place. Open world, lovely landscape, good story, loads of exploring, loads of loot and the best of all, loads of  AI's. This is just one of those games which you just have to try even tho be warned, you will get addicted and it will eat your sould (if you have one).]When you can combine a feasible backstory and an amazing, truly beautiful setting as well as gameplay and variable story line, I'm sold. Skyrim is truly one of the greatest PC games I have ever played.]Please everyone go buy this game! I love it! I can not get enough of this amazing gameplay!]This is a recommendation that I have written. Play this game because I recommended it and no other reason.]A brilliant game, and one of my personal favourites. If you enjoy open world games such as Risen and The Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning then you'll definitely enjoy Skyrim.]Killed a chicken, got killed. 11/10]Do I really need to justify this game purchase? It's an Elder Scrolls game!]My Girlfriend is Dragonborn too]I rated this game 9.5/10 Reason being is that the gameplay is amazing no doubt about that! But the storyline is a bit dull. I didn't find myself wanting to play the storyline cause really by the looks of it, it just felt really dull and not as much time was put into creating a good storyline. It's not half bad in my opinion but the story line does need some work, Hopefully, The Elder Scrolls VI has a better storyline, Now onto the graphics and soundtrack, In my opinion, The graphics were very well done, The soundtrack went very well with the graphics, I don't pay much attention to graphics but I think The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has one of the greatest graphic design. Now the DLCs, If anyone is new and reading this, You'll find out Skyrim comes with 3 DLCs, Dawnguard, Dragonborn, and Hearthfire, All very well though out DLCs, The first one being about Vampires and Vampire Hunters (Dawnguard) has an amazing storyline, Adding in quite a bit to the game. New Weapons, Armors, etc, Now onto the Dragonborn DLC one of my all-time favorites, With an amazing yet long storyline to keep you playing for quite a bit, The Dragonborn DLC brings you the ability to tame and ride dragons along with a few new shouts, weapons, armor and somewhere new to explore, Off the coast of Morrowind is all I'm saying, The rest you'll find out on your own, after you purchese the Dragonborn DLC (Which I highly recommend you do) We know come to our final DLC, Hearthfire, Basically, It isn't really that exciting. The only thing it really adds is a few miscs that can be used to build your house or as gifts for your children but otherwise thats about it. Well, Those are my reasons why Skyrim got a 9.5 outta me. But however, I will give bonus ratings for the DLCs, which I'd give Skyrim, Along with the DLCs, Probably a 9.7/10 Not much of a difference I know but so much could be improved, And of course, we cannot forget the mods, Along with mods,DLCs and the game itself, Thats when the game recieves a 10/10 rating. Thanks for reading my review of Skyrim, By the way, I love reviewing games! :D]Fairly decent game, especially with mods. Has a large open world, however most of the content is the same from dungeon to dungeon. Mods are pretty much a must in my opinion, as they do a number of things, from increasing the difficulty of higher levels, making it look much better, to fixing a number of broken or exploitable mechanics. I would recommend SkyUI at the very least to make the UI much more usable for someone in with a mouse.]Got sent to the moon by a giant.]Fixed the mod stuff, so hope we can get it back to 98 :D]The best video game I have ever played. It is just so much more than an epic, fantasy, rpg; it is an expierence. It is incredible, just buy it now.]This is the first Elder Scrolls I've really gotten in to. I'm not sure what about it grabbed me, but it bit hard, and is just now *starting* to let go, some 160 hours in. Seriously worth whatever you pay for it.]Well, much like previous Elder Scrolls games (I'm looking at you, Oblivion) the main quest line is very short, and very easy. Fortunately, there's plenty of other questing to be done, and the modding community is amazing, as it always has been. So, yeah, great (if a bit easy) content, great modding community, great game. Except for the guards bringing up knee arrows, but there's a mod to fix that!]Everyone knows this is the best game ever made and if you think otherwise then you are wrong. This is an open world action RPG, It is my favourite game by far and only the next sequel can ever top it. You start off as a prisoner who's about to be beheaded, from there you create your character from a variety of different races (human or beast) There is endless customization with what you can create and how realistic you character will look if you use mods, you don't have to because without this will still be your favourite game experience ever, but i don't see why not because it's simple to download mods from the nexus with just a few clicks and if you don't want to do that then you can easily browse the workshop from your library and install mods with a click of a button, that's what has kept this game so fun for so long and it will never get boring or old. There's various factions throughout the game you can join and become leader of, you can even become a werewolf or a vampire, the characters are all unique and loveable and you can have followers and even get married to your favourite ones, You can craft armor and weapons, enchant them, upgrade them, you can create potions, you can have your own home in this game, you level up and gain skill points to build the type of character you want, you can make a perk legendary when it get's to 100 so you level endlessely, there's always a rewarding amount of loot in each cave or dungeon you clear, i could go on forever, even just standing in the town enjoying the view of the lake is enjoyable in this game! The possibilitys with this game because of mods are endless, there's no need in other games when this game has EVERYTHING you could think of Seriously you have to buy it, if you want a game you will never get bored of, be easy to go back to whenever you want, never 100% complete because there's to much to do, then buy Skyrim]I love this game. This is my world,this is my life,this is... My girlfriend. ".]awsome game]Best 3D Hentai Game! 10/10 would fap]10/10 would bang]Taught me how to kill villagers in towns and shout. 11/10 Would play.]Skyrim only shines in what it allows, which is acting as a medium for custom content from peers. And it does it well. In itself, it is weak. The story is not very engaging most of the time, relying on it's many shinies and features. Radiant AI is, frankly, quite boring after the third time. Bugs are, of course, literred throughout the game as every TES game does. But, as you might guess, it shines where everyone knew it was really designed for. Mods. The range of oppertunity for what can be modified and added, is even wider then it's predecessors. By the time the CK came out, the game had more impressive mods then Oblivion. That is a testament to the creativity of your peers. And it should be the primary reason for you to buy this game. Buying this game without getting involved in the modding scene is a waste of money. Getting involved with having it modded, however... is more then worth your money. No skill required. Just pay attention.]The Elder Scrolls V - Skyrim is with no doubt one of the best games recently released. An open-world RPG with an infinite amount of quests and modding support ? Count me in. The replayability is also almost endless, because you can make a totally new character with other skills and so have a new experience. Installing mods can also help you fighting the boredom when you've reached 300+ hours ingame.]Whenever you watch a video on YouTube about Skyrim, you will bump into a person claiming that Skyrim has been totally dumbed down and it's a  game and Bethesda sucks (and, believe me, this works for ANY YT video about Skyrim- even OST vids. Type 'Skyrim' into YouTube and watch the magic unfold). What's interesting about this, though, is that these comments always turn into a heated war between Skyrim lovers and the OP who apparently hates Skyrim. And guess what? Both are right. A year ago, I watched Samyoul's video about The Elder Scrolls series being dumbed down. Although personally I felt that Skyrim was one of the best games I have ever played (I spent literally an entire summer, day and night, playing Skyrim), I clicked that little "like" button at the bottom of his vid. And although I have played Oblivion quite a lot, and I own Morrowind, though I have yet to give that a serious try, I did not like that video because I was flooded with nostalgia about how good and "complex" and detailed the older Elder Scrolls games were. I clicked that because I did feel that Skyrim was the most "stripped" game of the entire series. Conversations no longer had pages upon pages of topics to scroll through. Quests were no longer memorable. We would never get another guild tale reaching the depths of The Arena questline in Oblivion. And the Oblivion gates- all unique in their own ways- were replaced by generic mini-boss fights that happened whenever a dragon decided to attack you. So why am I recommending this game? Because, although it's dumbed down, SKYRIM IS FUN TO PLAY. Oblivion was indeed more complex than Skyrim in many aspects- custom spells and complicated alchemy, just to name a few. But at the same time Oblivion was annoying to play. I had to carry around extra weapons at all times in case they broke, which was a nice, but VERY annoying little feature present in Oblivion and not in Skyrim. And although, even as a whole, Skyrim's mechanics could not reach the complexity found in RPGs like Neverwinter Nights, it manages to string together all of its little parts and create something that's not complex or deep, but is FUN. Yes, Morrowind and Oblivion were better, more complex games. Yes, they were deep in detail and lore, But Skyrim doesn't remove those aspects entirely. They just sacrifice some of the less pleasing parts (whoever needed 4 pieces of equipment to brew a potion?!) to make an overall nicer and more pleasing tone to the game. Conversations feel natural. I'm no longer talking to Mr. Imperial City Tour Guide whenever I talk to a guard. I'm talking to a tired man who's more happy in bed than patrolling around in the cold- and probably can't really stop to chit-chat anyway. I think this all has to do with the evolution of the Elder Scrolls series. Daggerfall was, in my opinion, the pinnacle of the series in terms of complexity. The entire, yes, ENTIRE continent of Tamriel was rendered in the game. And you could travel the entire continent (though it would take hours to get to anywhere- just like in real life). Morrowind sacrificed that feature to make the game a bit more accessible. Oblivion added fast travel and removed chance-based combat, focusing more on skill. And Skyrim removes the complexities of most activities. But I don't mind that- nor do I protest that. Games, I feel, should be rated based on how fun they are to play. I don't want to come home on a Friday night- just to spend hours worrying about how I'm going to get more repair hammers. I want to come home on that Friday night and play a good game. In conclusion, there's a difference between a good game and a fun game. I feel that the Elder Scrolls series is slowly transitioning from being a good game to being a fun game. But the thing that makes this series great is that it's vital to maintain a balance between the two. So no matter how dumbed down the game, no matter how stripped the content, Bethesda is going to keep on making good Elder Scrolls games. The lore demands it. The story demands it. The content demands it. There is always going to be a "good" in a fun Elder Scrolls game. Skyrim is proof of that. That there CAN be a balance between the two- even if it means sacrificing a bit of one to re-balance the other. Skyrim is not a good game. Skyrim is a good AND fun game. 10/0.1]The game that had a really big hype before launch, and also delivered lots of fun during launch. First look at the game at a friend's house, and I was tempted to buy it, lucky enough for me that someone generous decided to gift me a copy. From what I experienced, this game has a lot of content, ranging from epic main quests to the little quests it gives, the flexibility of what we're gonna do, and also the combat. It has so many stuff to do and finish, It feels like it goes on and on, not even going through half the gameplay. And not to mention the mod support. Skyrim has a lot of custom mods created by the skyrim community, resulting in endless fun and laughter in the game itself. Conclusion Open-world RPG with mod support, can also be classified as sandbox, preferrably one of the best games of the era.]Skyrim is by far my favourite game, and even if your graphics card isn't that good, the game still looks amazing. I definitely reccomend buying the game, because alongside the main quest, there are a ton of dungeons and endless scenery to explore. EDIT After reading negative reviews purely to get myself angry, one comment caught my eye. They mentioned that the game had a single digit amount of voice actors. In comparison to Oblivion, Skyrim has 80+ actors, each essential and quest related character having their own voice, personality and fighting style. The game involves unique characters, and this is quite contrary to the previous games in the Elder Scrolls series. My previous review sounds bland to what this game is in reality. The team of Bethesda has worked hard to make this game immersive, yet make you feel like you are living a fantasy life. I know, after playing Oblivion for many hours in the years before Skyrim came out, the fifth installment of the TES was a breakthrough for Bethesda. With the soundtrack recorded by an orchestra and an arrangement of vocals, it is enough to send shivers down your spine. After 600+ hours in this game over multiple platforms and computers, there is always something new. With the community releasing a constant stream of mods, there is an infinite amount of time to spend in this game. It's easy to waste time in Skyrim, and there is always something to distract you from your quest. There are multiple ways to play this game, as a mage, warrior, an archer, an assassin... the list goes on. Every enemy in Skyrim is levelled to your character, which makes the choice of weapons and magic you use critical. The Dragonborn DLC adds in many more hours to your gametime, along with Hearthfire. After saying all of this, I realise that each person might take Skyrim differently. I know that it's been amazing for me, and I hope many more people choose to buy this game.]this is a great solo game its really good story and it always keeps you at your computer.]Beautiful. A masterpiece. One of the best games I have ever played. Morrowind was amazing. Oblivion was wicked. This is just too much to handle. So much amazing scenery to soak in. It literally took me fifteen minutes to make my character because I was so busy taking screenshots of other things. Buy this! Pay whatever they ask. 100/100!!]Beware, Skyrim will life-steal the  out of you.]I love, LOVE, moist towelletes.]It took all of my personal life including, my girlfriend, my family, my jobb, my money. 10/10 bananas]This game is the best game I have ever played, story and gameplay really went in to my heart and veins while exploring the land of the nords, Skyrim. As a Nordic guy I must say the whole nature and weather really feels like reality and at the same time it is just this epicness with all magics and awesome fights. I wish I could live in this world for ever. For me this game is worth way over the price it is. If you want to experience what I felt like was a true dream. Buy this game. I really wish I could experience this game over and over again for the rest of my life..]The ultimate RPG from one of the greatest developers in their field. No playthrough is the same, and the elimination of the class system means your character plays how you want them to. Just ****ing play it.]The vast world of Skyrim is massive, and you will have countless hours of fun playing this, there are too many quests to count. Play it anyway you like, however you like - in Skyrim, you get to choose what happens.]I went to leave Skyrim, then I Took an Arrow in the Knee... so I stayed :D 10/10]Best game I've ever played!]I used to have a life like you, but then I took Skyrim to the knee. wasted my entire summer. set me back quite far on several projects. 10/10]What an amazing game! For all RPG fans, a must have! You can play it in your own way, no stupid locked classes. Immense world and lots of missions (and submissions) to play. Great music in landscapes, battles, etc. You got a great map to explore and many adventures. If you want other things you can simply download new-mods in the workshop! ( there are also other mods online, but keep in mind, not everything is trustable! ) Or if there aren't fun things, you can create it yourself with the ''Creation Kit''. TES:V is a really Fun game! My Metascore: 9.2 / 10.0]What else can I say about this game? Skyrim is expansive and with the support of user mods, it encourages the way to the played in various ways.]Its Dungeons and Dragons in video game form. need i say more?]Where do I start with this game. First off, I have to say I was highly impressed with how the game held up. It's so immersive, I sometimes forgot about my 5 pet cats; Georgie, Nintendo, Jeffery, Hinawa, and Paul. Enough about my cats though, let's talk about the game. You start out as a prisoner being held by the Enclave, natives of the civilized, cosmopolitan province of Sky ROM, the Enclave are well-educated, wealthy and well-spoken. Imperials are also known for the discipline and training of their citizen armies. Because of this, the Imperials have dominated Tamriel for more than 2,000 years. After spending an hour giving your character the right sized eyebrows, scars, face-paint, mascara, toupes, and even writing a 5-page backstory for him that goes in-depth on his early childhood, love life, carreer, and even has a little page at the end with fun facts about him that weren't included in the actual story, you go to the stone, so a guy can chop off your head. Coincidentally, right as you're about to meet your fate, a talking dragon man comes down and kills the bad guys. You escape with the man. After that, the world is yours. Fight off bad guys, develop a stealing addiction, mindlessly repeat the words "Fus ro dah" out in public, mod the game so there's naked ladies everywhere, download the mods where you can kill the kids, anything you can imagine, the sky is the limit. This game will be the demise of your computer with the right amount of graphical mods, but who cares? Your computer? Hell no! Your computer can't even talk. Unlike any other RPG today, (Call of Duty: Ghosts, Viva Piata, Super Mario 3D world, EarthBound) this game has something that all the others don't. And that is love. What does play Skyrim mean to me? Many groupies are not experienced with play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. Play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls on Steam was my bread and butter. Play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls is known to cause this. OK, that's one reason. I have one play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim that I don't leave to play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls Skyrim Skyrim V on Steam. It is a well worn feeling. That is the latest installment of my Online play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls series. My play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim University will tell you how to do this. That is true for all intents and purposes. I don't need to put myself in a tight spot. play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim online is one of the most popular collectible play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim online types. It certainly takes into account a puzzle several fellow travelers have with play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. When we look at it as a whole, here are the essentials referring to watch play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. I had never laid eyes on this before that night. There is, however, a happy medium between it and it. By what means do noobs collect sterling watch The Elder Scrolls new online handbooks? Deep breath OK All you want is a bit of imagination. I'm not searching for formulas to make up for the past. Currently we are offering more The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim When I Get My Dress In Lights. How do connoisseurs capture inexpensive play The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim The Elder Scrolls on Steam ? In any respect, not many children desire to do what is good for them and I have a bit of staying power when discusssingplay The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim. You probably feel the same way they do. The Elder Scrolls 5, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim, The Elder Scrolls V, The Elder Scrolls V Steam, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Dawnguard online, The Elder Scrolls Online, The Elder Scrolls V Bethesda, The Elder Scrolls 5 V Skyrim]10/10 After countless hours on journeys and quests all over skyrim, i'd like to mirror my impression in this review. I had high expectations for TES:V Skyrim, and i wasn't let down by Bethesda. I bought the game at release, and i'm still playing it today, cause in my opinion its still one of the very best action-rpg's ever! So lets take a closer look why i think so! Story: The main story covers the appearance of dragons in skyrim and the role which our protagonist plays within it. As TES-usuall, the main quest can be completed within several hours. Even though its predictable, its not boring. The presentation of the happenings in skyrim is epic and fighting the main quest is fun. As usuall you do not need to follow the main quest, and can start exploring the map from the very beginning without any obstruction through not following the questline. Sidequests: A sidequest can be found around ever corner in skyrim, and as expected they cover every event you can think of. From loveletters and intrigues up to assasinations and theft. Almost everyone has a story to tell... and need your help with it, of course! Fighting: The fights in TES:V are very action-heavy, and have nothing in common with traditional roleplaying games. Simple math, the one with the bigger weapon wins most of the time. If you don't expect strategic, roundbased and profound battles, you will be very happy in skyrim. Because after all the fights are a lot of fun, and the fact that you can still chose how your character should fight - either with spells and summons or with swords and shields - makes the fights enjoyable. Characterdesign and gameplay: The character customization in TES:V is extensive as used to TES-games. You can make your character fit perferctly your preffered playstyle. The visual custimization is as wide as the playing one - lots of different armorsets, which you gather from quests, find in dungeons or craft yourself give your character a unique look. The skill perks are very deeply designed to match your preffered playstyle. You can create loads of perk combinations to design your unique character. Every playstyle you can imagine is covered by it: You want stealthing, destruction mage in heavy armor with alchemy skills and pickpocketing? - Sure! An axe wielding rogue, light armor and the ability to summon creatures and also handle a big two-handed mace? - Not a problem! The Elder Scrolls - Skyrim is a very extensive game, with a huge world to explore and countless dungeons to defent. Elder Scrolls fans, aren't even asking themselfs to buy it or not. For RPG and action fans its definitly worth a closer look. Its contains hundreds and hundreds of hours of quests and exploration, and (at least for me) never gets boring!]I killed countless dragons, saving the world. Then I was killed for stealing a fork off a table...]It's pretty mediocre unless you get the DLC and then mod it to just before the point where the mod bloat makes it explode. Like any Bethesda game, it's not so much a game as it is an engine and a landscape for modders to do their stuff. So really, you'd better be competent at installing mods and getting them to like each other. Learn how to use Wrye Bash and BOSS, be smart about which mods you pick, use the online G.E.M.S. list as a guideline, and avoid Workshop/NMM Manager like the plague.]one of best games ive played placed countless hours]Is this reallife ? 5/5]Normally I'd write a thoughtful and coherent review of this game, but it's skyrim we're talking about here. So if you don't already have it, you should; because this game was the reason why I built a PC.]everyone should own this game.]This game will be worth the countless hours you put into it.]Skyrim or social life?, I CHOOSE YOU SKYRIM! I think Skyrim is one of the best RPG games of all, really innovated in many ways, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim worth every cent, and is always on promotions in steam . I'm sure you will LOVE IT and i'm sure you will lose your life like i lost mine ;c but im still happy that way. I'm Married with Lydia, and i'm a Vampire Lord, and im leader of many groups like Dark Brotherhood and The Companions, BUY IT , TAKE IT AND LOVE IT]aint no crash bandicoot but its still good]10/10, would explore a vast world, fighting hords of Dragur, slaying dragons, delv into dungeons, and save Tamriel again]So far I've played 50 hours and have only done 4 or 5 of the main quests...This game is huge and there are hundreds of hours of pure entertainment. Huge expansive world, endless amounts of side quests..You already know how good it is. All you have to do is click buy and enjoy the best investment you'll ever make.]ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE PLAYED]I personally would recommend this game to everyone who lands on this page. Skyrim was initially the first game I played in the Elder Scrolls Series, Despite not having any experience in any of the other Elder Scrolls games, I was still able to experience the excitement that the lore has to offer. I have spent countless hours (On Console) Exploring the vast and open landscape that Skyrim has to offer, and as I began to feel as though I have done all I could I then bought the DLCS and boy did that extend the playtime a whole lot, I remember when I bought my first plot of land and built my first house with the Hearthfire DLC It was Heljarchen Hall I made the house with a Mage/Alchemists touch, I felt as though I had accomplished something again.Dragonborn was the most epic experience I've ever had from additional content. The vast lands of Solstheim added another 200 hours to my playtime (Xbox) and I achieved countless hours of epic battle and excitement, Exploration on the island led to me discovering more and more quests that kept throwing more fun at me.Now for the Dawnguard DLC, well Dawnguard is a good DLC, The thing I enjoyed most about it though was having Serana as my companion. The crossbows were also a really nice addition, they added a new way to play Skyrim. When I had completed all of the game having only the repetitive side quests left I decided to start over again and experience the game all over again it was different. Personally I'd like to say that there are so many paths you can take, so many ways you can play this game and so many different adventures you can go on in this game but it's your choice to keep pushing on.]The only true perfect open world game I have ever come across. 1. Smart NPCS 2. Fully open world 3. Complete freedom to play how you want 4. Never really ending you can always find something new 5. Look up mods on the steam workshop once you put 100 or so hours into the game without mods. There is nothing negative about this game! I would buy this game if it was $200.00 I really hope they re-master some of the older elder scrolls sometime.]It's a Bethesda game so of course even years after release it still has a few bugs hiding around in its crevices. The combat is playable and the stealth system is in no way balenced. The game has alot to do in plenty of places but never alot to do in one place. It is an ocean's worth of content but at no point in that ocean is there any depth excluding the main quest line and the Dragonborn DLC. The game just feels rushed. The standard "Guilds" that are in every Elder Scrolls game are fairly lackluster with few of them even making you feel involved in the group. The entire Mage's guild questiline would have been 2 missions worth of Mage's guild in Oblivion. The civil war barely has an effect on the game, you can beome thane of all Skyrim by moving goods from point A to point B, the most humerous part of the game are the guards who all apparently hail Sithis. The crafting system, fluidity of combat, and mods are what saves this game. Crafting is quite honestly fun, if it wasn't for the new and better leveling system I would put all my skill points into it with no regard for my own life. If Bethesda had delivered on the econonomy system they promised us than maybe I would be able to without dying to the wolves in between Riverwood and Whiterun. I enjoy traveling to mines, slaughtering the residents, and then stealing the ores to forge more weapons and armor to help me do it all over again. Mods fix many of the problems with the game from graphics to AI bugs to the lack of a good storyline for guilds. Honestly I am going to say that Vannila Skyrim gets a different rating than Modded Skyrim since Modded the game is just so vastly different. Vannila: 7.6/10 Modded: 9.2/10]I liked the quest where you sacrificed someone close to you. R.I.P Lydia, I've moved on.]I am pretty late, but I have so many friends who are not playing it. Just let me say this: The fact that skyrim is my most played SINGLE player game (xfire) kinda speaks for itself.]i killed a chicken and the whole town attacked me 69/420 would meme again]Short review: 50 hours and more of pure fun. If you enjoyed Oblivion or Witcher series, you should definitely try this one. Good Points: * Good enough main story and insteresting subquests * Aswesome graphics and landscapes * Skill trees and combat * Huge world * Best Elder Scroll so far. * Open worldness (You feel quite free) Bad Points * Can easily become too easy if you abuse the game (unbalanced) * Can lose interest if leave the main story. * Repetition. (ex: Killing the first dragon is cool but afterward it becomes too easy and boring chasing them)]the buggy horses make this game 10% more amazing]This game is so fun with so much to do. You can chose what you want to do and play way different then your friends while both enjoying the experience. With this game your not limited to the main quest but other side quests some small some big. Not to mention you can mod this game with both the workshop and from websites adding even more to the experince. Even if you have played Skyrim before on a console, to get the true Skyrim expeince (along with downloading mods) you must play it on PC. Def a must buy. 10/10]MANKINDS FIRST STEP INTO SPACE COLONIZATION. Skyrim combines elements from many other successful titles into a bland pure joy. The game boldly takes inspiration from call of duty, mimicking its graphical fidelity perfectly. The environments one visits are truely breathtaking, my favorite was Cave#107( you Cave#106 lovers, #107 was superior in every way). The combat was nailbiting at every turn, I wasn't sure if i'd have to alter my tactics from an encounter to encounter basis. However I was able to prevail with my old faithful strategies, it reminded much of the feeling of being a warrior constantly improving his unique tecnique as his life progresses. The music was truly astounding, I liked the part where the choir yelled. The combat mechanics were unlike any other, who knew that streamlining the looking for raid mode in world of warcraft would've benfited a single player RPG? The indepth lore behind the dragons was -------------------------------------------------------------------SPILLER ALET-------------------------------------------------AWESOME. -------------------------------------------------------------END OF SPILER------------------------------------------------------The games loot system was incredibly rewarding too, I fealt like an empowered badass slaying bandits and then picking up their numerous loaf of bread. On the topic of bread, the cooking in the game was unlike any other I've seen, chef gordon ramsey would draw inspiration from these mechanics. Inspiring. How does one describe the dragon fights in one word? EXTRIMTENSESOMELYBADAWSOM I HAD TO MAKE UP A WORD JUST TO DESCRIBE THESE FIGHTS!!!!1 The battles were tests of everything I've learned my twelve years of life, everything i've ever known culminated into these battles. If you are faint of heart, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. Each type of dragon stronger than the last, bringing its own unique menchanics to the mix forcing you to adapt your life to battle them. The fact that i can just be attempting to meet my wife in my home city just to be attacked by a dragon helps to build up the feeling of hopelessness this world has and in no way breaks the flow of the game. In conclusion, this game is my game of a lifetime. This game will define me as my life continues and I master the art of making nude mods, perfect for the kids bring family. 12/9 AND IF YOU DISAGREE  YOU BEST GAME EVERY OU FUXING NOOB I SWAERT PLP IKE YOUY ARE RONG WITH GEM INDUSTRY ASKIG HIGHER TEXUTRE RESOLITIIN  YOU THIS GAMEW IS PERFECT FOR MY IMAC WHEN IOM GAME, and sneak.]I never liked medieval related stuff, neither games, novels or movies. Skyrim changed everything!! I never had so much fun playing a game and everytime you start a new character, there's so much to experience! Every story is different! My friends say I may be addicted or too attatched but I am just overly excited to get home to play Skyrim! Can't imagine life without Skyrim anymore! At this point, thanks to my partner Attrazone for introducing the world of The Elder Scrolls to me! <3]Are you gentlemen prepared for another riveting review? From the masterminds that brought you a tf2 review! Creator Sir NeckBeard McCheeto Dust brings you: 10 saucy ways to sex up your cooking! this game is rly  good pls buy it - thank you for your time *this has been verified for accuracy by the FDA]This game is awesome and addicting.]What can i say? One of the best games!]Got murdered by the villagers in Riverwood for killing a chicken. 10/10 Get on it.]I do believe it's obvious to say that anyone that is a fan of The Elder Scrolls won't be too disapointed by what Skyrim has to offer. From discovering unmarked caves and forts, to the game's storyline, even to the odd things we've come to expect in games by Bethesda (NPCs walking in the air, projectiles launching people thirty feet away, placing NPC bodies in awkward positions), the game will give you the chance to kill a couple of hours. And lets not forget the modding commuity. Those people never fail to disappoint, and kudos to them all for the work they do. From the Unofficial Skyrim patches for bug fixes, to new and immersive weapons/armors, to ai adjustments and value tweeks to make the game a challenge for even the the most experienced and well-geared player, or even just to make the game even more amazing to look at, the work they do easily adds countless hours of additional gameplay that'll help you milk more enjoyment out of the game than Steam sales milk money out of your wallet. Edit: Not responsible for any problems that may occur with the game if you decide to try out manually installing mods to improve your gameplay experience. Remember, Google is your friend in instances like this.]Finally,the paid mods were removed! Hail talos!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a magical game. I love its medieval atmosphere, music, beautiful graphics, fascinating places, great story, everything.]Nice graphics and hours and hours of gameplay. A must for any RPG loving gameplayer. All it takes is a good processor and good enough RAM. Plus there is always the choice of getting super cool mods from one of the oldest modding communities on steam if you finish the game to add hours more gameplay, enhance the graphics or just to have a few new weapons and armor. Enjoy!]I have 630 hours played on this game while posting this review and even though this game is old it is one of my all time favorite games that I will probably never stop playing. With all the mods you can get to help enhance the game and they are FREE...it's a win - win. And a must - must to have in your library.]A good game, and EVEN BETTER WITH MODS EH GUYS? Thanks for changing your minds.]- Escaped execution - Survived a dragon attack - killed a chicken in a village, got ed up by a mob of angry people. 11 fried chickens out of 10 -   -    -    ,    . 11    10]Hard to learn...]You should have acted. They're already here. The Volvo scrolls told of their return Their no-price accessibility... was merely a delay Since the time when workshop support had opened when the sons of steam community would spill their own blood but noone wanted to believe believe that it would actually happen and when the truth finally dawned it dawned with paid mods BUT.... There is one they fear in their tongue they are Freemodkiin NEXUSBORN!]Review: 10/10 Audience: Teen + Adult Genres and Themes: RPG, First Person, Fantasy, Choose You Own Adventure Review: The best game I have ever played. The gameplay is astounding, the graphics vibrant, plot and quests in-depth and a lore to the world so well studied it makes our own world's history seem obsilete. I cannot stress how much this game has amazed me and the rest of people who played it. Warning: Only play this game if it is within the perameters your favourite kinds of games, and be prepared to read up on lore so that you can understand and appreciate the game fully.]You probably need to play Skyrim.]It is one of the best games that i have ever played]The "main quest" denotes tasks the Dragonborn is compelled to complete as part of the game's main story. Other quests can be performed for a guild or faction, while others are considered side quests, which skirt on the periphery of the game's plotlines. As with most of The Elder Scrolls titles, there are quests for each of the Daedric Princes of Tamriel, excluding Jyggalag. Unique to Skyrim are Radiant Quests, quests which are initiated as part of the Radiant Story artificial intelligence system. These quests can be repeated an infinite number of times, allowing for never-ending gameplay.]Not the younglings GabeN, please not the younglings! Now that steam is removing the DLC approach to modding the game I can recommend skyrim again.]I have played Skyrim many times before, but I recently bought it. Skyrim is one of the best RPG games ever, holding my first place alongside with Dragon Age: Origins. With 3 great expansions, this game offers 200+ hours of fun, but if you add (free) mods it becomes even better. The story is good and the music is GREAT (especially if you add few mods). This is great game for every RPG fan out there. FUS RO DAH !]Scroll back up. Buy This Game. Buy All DLCs. Shut Up and Play.]It's funny. When I was new to Steam I actually debated whether or not to buy this game. This is an amazing game that completely exceeded all of my expectations.]One of best RPGs of all time!]Wow great game a'lot to do..27 hour's and i'm only lvl 14 almost 15..lol]A world filled with dragons, magic and unending violence can only ever lead to one thing... EPIC!! If you're a gamer, and you enjoy killing things of the virtual variety, you should really consider giving Skyrim a try.]I went to buy it and realized I already had it.]But, There's one they fear... In their tongue, he's Dovahkiin... Dragonborn! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whJ7jECTGZw]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]amazing game, very buggy, but what matters and fun and he has a lot]A superb game, with many hours of story, faction and miscellaneous quests. Lots of locations & landmarks to find and explore from ancient dwarven cities, caves outfitted by bandits to ritual sites inhabited by necromancers or simply the local wildlife. With skill trees that you can shape, and an array of weapons and/or spells to use, you can customize your character how you like. Single or dual weapon/magic wielding or even a combination of both further allow you to personalize the playing experience, as well as providing countless setups of hostile & allied NCP alike, All providing different experiences on consecutive playthroughs. The Dawnguard & Dragonborn DLCs are a must have addition to the game, adding new armor, weapons & clothes to the game [even if only to make your character look even more awesome] as well as new locations & enthralling story lines. The only thing I miss from the Oblivion days, is the ability to create my own spells, but as Skyrim as a nation generally dislike magic I can see why it was left out. But ... with the steam workshop this and anything else you just did quite like can be added, changed or removed. New cities, more crowded cities, new quests, greater detailed trees, or a simple as a re-skin for your favourite armor, its all in there, somewhere. But I would urge you to play through without mods at least once. A must get game that I am so glad to have played and even though I have at this point I will probably spent 100s more hours playing. 10/10]Amazing game. Too many hours on record. worth it for every second.]Absolutely fantastic game - if it should even be refered to as a "game". A masterpiece in terms of graphic design, beautiful landscapes and carefully tinkered dungeons are just around the corner, no matter where you are. Above everything else, this game will take up so much of your time; not because of frustrating moments, but the sheer amount of gameplay that's been put into this game. Apart from the main questline, there's hundreds of other sidequests to take part in. The imersion of natrual beauty is incredible, however little can be said about NPC realism. NPCs aren't very quote "smart", as they tend to repeat the same lines continuously and grow to be quite annoying. That's just one of the few downsides about this game however, next to the glitches and awkward combat system. All in all, very great 3D RPG, to anyone who doesn't have it: get it NOW!]I'm going to attempt to say everything you can do in Skyrim. If you have not played Skyrim yet, sit back and read. Okay, in the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim... You can: -Kill Dragons -Get paid by nobles to kill bandits. -Scream Words of Power. -Travel to the top of the highest mountain. -Defeat the king of dragons. -Summon a dragon to fight for you. -Go fishing. -Eat cabbages. -Go farming. -Get a house (of many choices). -Decorate the house. -Get married. -Have a wedding. -Adopt children. -Listen to annoying guards. -Decimate small rabbits. -Use swords. -Greatswords. -Use Battleaxes. -Regular axes. -Frickin' magic. -A -load of other weapons. -Become a Thane. -Get arrested for stealing a plate. -Get marauded for killing a chicken in town. -Become a vampire. -Become a werewolf. -Ride a horse. -Become an assassin. -Kill the Emperor. -Become a thief. -Live in the sewers. -Get drunk. -Kill witches. -Alchemy. -Join the war. *LOUD GASP FOR AIR* Now keep in mind, this is about 3/4 of what's in the normal game. There are also DLCs, Mods, tuns of stuff! 10/10. Buy this game NOW!]My steam says 69hours but those are lies... I play the game mostly offline! Its one of the games i make sure to turnoff the internet, do ctrl+alt+delete and close as many stuff as possible (yes even explorer.exe) just because i wanna have the full experience with NOTHING in the way :) i also make sure i turn on my external soundboard (wich i normaly just use to produce music or do some audiowork) cause iam an audio geek and cause this game deserves it. Iam still doing my first playthru and im having so much fun, def hooked on this one. The mod scene is amazing and huge, the amount of content and dedication that these fans put in, is mind blowing... I really thank these guys to uplift the game (modernize the looks of a aging game) and turning my first playthru into something epic. ill update my review has i progress in game istill have so much to experience (to be continued...)]In the famous words of William Shakespeare, "There's a mod for that"]To all you ignorant fools out there, paid mods are off the table now, so chill out.]Thank god they fixed it. Just kidding They're ing morons]If you don't know what this is, you should go and cry for a month and then buy it.]I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I bought Skyrim and I haven't left home since.]I actually have a ton of hours on this. I got it retail a long time ago, only recently added it to my steam list, and that was after I got the addons. So I figured I should add my review to the multitude of thousands saying this is one of the best ES games. I have played them all, sadly I was part of the ESO fiasco right from the start, that has left me feeling so bad about it I dont think I ll go back to it. But I digress, Skyrim, get it, play it, love it.]Again, your character starts off as a prisoner. However, they ruined the purpose of this tradition by later explaining what you were doing to get arrested. The idea of being a prisoner in the earlier games was to allow the player to come up with their own backstory, rather being force-fed one for your character. But in Skyrim, they tell you that you were illegally crossing the border into Skyrim, just as a Stormcloak squad was apprehended. Skyrim had a decent story, but Alduin as a main antagonist was lacking the depth and characteristics that previous ones like Mehrunes Dagon did. In a land filled with dragons, their best enemy for the plot was a slightly bigger dragon who could talk. Not very interesting, if you ask me. Its just the fact that dragons are everywhere, and then theres one that is sort of special, but not by much. The story and experience would have been more compelling if the characters in Skyrim had any personality. Sure, they have opinions on things like the civil war, but everyone is so bland. Part of the problem is that everyone sounds alike. There were a few unique NPCs, but that voice was only used for that one character, such as Clavicus Vile. But voices arent the only thing similar about the people. Like I said, nobody has any personality. The combat is very well executed, the best combat in a firstperson RPG yet. It has dual wielding, you can have a spell and a sword, and much more. The thing that makes the fighting so unique is that hardly any games that Ive played can pull it off like Skyrim did, and dual wielding is surprisingly rare in North American games (so dont bring up any Japanese ones). Not only do they tell you why your character was a prisoner, but it doesnt make much sense if you play as a Nord. Skyrim is your homeland, why wouldnt you be allowed back there? Graphics, although pointless in terms of a games value, are quite polished in Skyrim. Though, I dont like the dull environment. Its just dark cave after dark cave, identical Nordic crypts, and most of the land is just barren with snow and mountains. I get that it is a snow province, but theres no diversity in the environment. As for mountains, they just get in the way. If you want to add mountains to a game, make sure theyre easily climbable and have goodies or caves on top. It would have been nice to add in a dead guy with tons of loot on him somewhere on the mountain who froze or something. Or at least a journal of a climber. The leveling system is much better than their last Elder Scrolls game. That makes me happy. But some skills in Skyrim feel tacked on or unfinished. A big issue in Skyrim is the enormous amount of glitches. For example, the Legend of the Red Eagle quest. You read about this ancient warrior, bring his sword to a pedestal, unlocking his burial site, and then you fight him. The problem is, you can keep reading the book every time you complete the quest, and it will start the quest all over again. Theres only one Red Eagle sword, but doing it multiple times spawns multiple swords, and its asking you to kill someone youve already killed. Like with Oblivion, some characters dont stay with the continuity. Long after the player ends the civil war for either side, half of the characters in the game still talk about it as if its still happening. I like all the guilds in Skyrim (besides Companions), but it feels overwhelming and contradictory if you join them all. Why would the Listener of the Dark Brotherhood also be the leader of the Companions, or the Arch-Mage? It wouldnt make too much sense. Thats why I dedicate one character to one guild in my games. One minor thing I would like to note is the walkspeed. You walk slower than everyone, yet you run way faster than everyone. Its hard to keep pace, and I dont like that. I liked Skyrim, and I would put it above Oblivion as a better game. It has many things an RPG should have. I rate this game a positive 6.5/10. It doesnt get a higher rating because of lifeless characters, boring and flat environment, forgetting the whole reason as to why the player is always a prisoner in Elder Scrolls games, and tons of glitches. Unlike Oblivion, I feel as though Skyrim has replayability, and not only would I recommend Skyrim, but I have started multiple characters, all with their unique stories.]99/100 ,Best of the Best. Let the Modding Begin!]Guys, this is the game that never ends. This game is for the casual gamer, and for the most hard core. One does not simply dislike skyrim]great game, love it with mods even better...what else to say FUS RO DAH!!!!! and i hope you'll enjoy the game]Skyrim is amazing and still stands as a hugely popular game today because of it's literally limitless amount of content. It offers tons of ways to build the characters you create and many ways to create those. There is never a shortage of things to do and when it seems like there might be you'll more than likely unearth an entire questline somewhere. You can play Skyrim for hundreds of hours before you even get to the DLC, which could add another 50 hours of content. And even when you're done with that there's a huge modding community still diligently working to provide enhancements and expansions to this almost four year old game. Mods can make a game from 2011 look like it was released yesterday and on top of that add many hours of community made storylines and extra quests. But do not think Skyrim is completely perfect, for delivering this amazing content spawns many kinds of issues, mods or not. Be prepared to deal with then. All in all though, Skyrim should be a favorite among all RPG fans and modders alike. Pro/con summary: +Hundreds of hours of content +Lots of ways to build characters +DLC is great +Still active modding community +Tons of NPCs, quests, and locations (see hundreds of hours of content) -Bugs/Crashes/Freezes -Looks less than desirable without graphical enhancement mods]can keep bees in my pocket 60 000 bees/60 000 bees, would play again and again]FOOS RO DAH.. and also mods and dragons and shouts and ragdolls and guards that never will forget you, and every adventurer has a trauma because they got shot with an arrow.. in the knee. dis game's gud]The Game is just ... AWESOME :D]This game is amazing if you dont have it get it really is a great game cos it has a great story mode amazing grafics and if you dont want to do the story mode just walk around doing random quests cos skyrim doent end unless you want it to so really just get it it is one of the best games of all time :D]The game made me waste 582 hours of my life and I'm very happy]I love this game because I can shout people off the ledge and loot their sweet clothes!]Wait, I have over 870 hours played? What, how? This can only be a good game.]This game is so epic it will change your reality. Behold the power of The Dovahkiin (Dragonborn), be an Archer,mage,warrior,thief,vampire or werewolf.. everything you can imagine in dreams could be done in this game... umm keeping naughty thoughts aside though... you can choose from hundreds of mods to make your game look more epic.. I don't need to say any more.. Just buy it or get Fus Ro Dah'd.. :D]Pretty sure that this game is actually reality]One word describes this game: EPIC!!! I mean this is the BEST RPG I have ever played in my whole life! It has so much depth to it, so many choices to be made, so many locations to visit, so many quests to complete, very big expansive and dynamic world of Skyri makes it the best game I have ever played. You can be whatever you like, you have an in-depth character customization, you can pick up almost everything you see in the game, and the whole world is open. No boundaries, just exploring the wast region of Skyrim. I played this game before on Xbox and I'm sure I spent at least 1000 hours in the game. But the game doesn't stop here, there are also cool DLC-s and tons of mods. So, If you want to have a really good invest in the game, you must really OWN this game! You are not going to regret it!]Totally recommend! One of the best games ever! :D]This game starts out all well and good. It looks decent, the soundtrack is nice, and the intro quest is exciting (the first time). After about 4 hours I started to really notice how shallow it was though. Every quest seemed to involve going into a cave to kill bandits/zombies and retrieve item x to give to person y. You can be good at everything in the world with one character, from the worlds deadliest assassin to the leader of a group of werewolf warriors to the archmage of a college of magic. The combat never strays far from clicking rapidly until your health runs low, downing a few potions, repeat. Harder difficulties only make combat take longer, it doesnt actually make it harder.That being said there is quite an extensive mod community and everything thats "wrong" with the game has been fixed and everything you could ever imagine can be added to your game. tl;dr: Is it fun? Yes (with mods)]Skyrim is the best game I've ever played and anyone who hasn't played it is missing out. There is so much to do and many different approaches you can take in the game. The questlines and individual quests are all fun in different ways, they are hugely varied. There are so many places to explore and the graphics are excellent, not to mention the fantastic music and voice acting. The DLCs are all of a very high standard, providing many more quests, lots more places to explore (even a separarte island), and different items to use, as well as powers. Anyone who likes to roam free in a game and take whatever approach they want in an incredible world should definitely get this game.]Paid mods were removed. Great game again. You should get it! Bethesda is an amazing community that actually LISTENS to it's community which is the thing I mostly adore about the company. The game is long, and tons of fun.]My favourite game and the best game. /10]Pretty sure that this game is actually reality]Skyrim is amazing and still stands as a hugely popular game today because of it's literally limitless amount of content. It offers tons of ways to build the characters you create and many ways to create those. There is never a shortage of things to do and when it seems like there might be you'll more than likely unearth an entire questline somewhere. You can play Skyrim for hundreds of hours before you even get to the DLC, which could add another 50 hours of content. And even when you're done with that there's a huge modding community still diligently working to provide enhancements and expansions to this almost four year old game. Mods can make a game from 2011 look like it was released yesterday and on top of that add many hours of community made storylines and extra quests. But do not think Skyrim is completely perfect, for delivering this amazing content spawns many kinds of issues, mods or not. Be prepared to deal with then. All in all though, Skyrim should be a favorite among all RPG fans and modders alike. Pro/con summary: +Hundreds of hours of content +Lots of ways to build characters +DLC is great +Still active modding community +Tons of NPCs, quests, and locations (see hundreds of hours of content) -Bugs/Crashes/Freezes -Looks less than desirable without graphical enhancement mods]One word describes this game: EPIC!!! I mean this is the BEST RPG I have ever played in my whole life! It has so much depth to it, so many choices to be made, so many locations to visit, so many quests to complete, very big expansive and dynamic world of Skyri makes it the best game I have ever played. You can be whatever you like, you have an in-depth character customization, you can pick up almost everything you see in the game, and the whole world is open. No boundaries, just exploring the wast region of Skyrim. I played this game before on Xbox and I'm sure I spent at least 1000 hours in the game. But the game doesn't stop here, there are also cool DLC-s and tons of mods. So, If you want to have a really good invest in the game, you must really OWN this game! You are not going to regret it!]This game is so epic it will change your reality. Behold the power of The Dovahkiin (Dragonborn), be an Archer,mage,warrior,thief,vampire or werewolf.. everything you can imagine in dreams could be done in this game... umm keeping naughty thoughts aside though... you can choose from hundreds of mods to make your game look more epic.. I don't need to say any more.. Just buy it or get Fus Ro Dah'd.. :D]Totally recommend! One of the best games ever! :D]It's like Skyrim without guns]Awesome game with nice graphics, the gameplay is amazing. Even though bethesda has got a reputation of releasing buggy and glitchy games, there are no real gamebreaking bugs. The two DLC's are amazing and the combat and magic system have seen a great improvement from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. And the leveling system is also very well thought out. There are only some complaints that aren't even worth mentioning, exept that the AI can be really bad sometimes. The heartfire DLC gives you the oppertunity to built a house and have childeren. While Dawnguard DLC and the Dragonborn DLC give you new locations and 2 brand new storylines with both amazing and fun quests. Worth the money and you will play this for hours of time. 10/10!]In its present state this game has become unacceptable. Mods must remain mods. Not DLC. EDIT: Paid mods gone. Skyrim confirmed for good again! Rejoice! Side note: The North Remembers. We shall never forget of these past few days.]This game will blow your mind with the intense action and packed landscapes!]In its present state this game has become unacceptable. Mods must remain mods. Not DLC. EDIT: Paid mods gone. Skyrim confirmed for good again! Rejoice! Side note: The North Remembers. We shall never forget of these past few days.]Awesome game with nice graphics, the gameplay is amazing. Even though bethesda has got a reputation of releasing buggy and glitchy games, there are no real gamebreaking bugs. The two DLC's are amazing and the combat and magic system have seen a great improvement from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. And the leveling system is also very well thought out. There are only some complaints that aren't even worth mentioning, exept that the AI can be really bad sometimes. The heartfire DLC gives you the oppertunity to built a house and have childeren. While Dawnguard DLC and the Dragonborn DLC give you new locations and 2 brand new storylines with both amazing and fun quests. Worth the money and you will play this for hours of time. 10/10!]Might as well write your will now. You won't be seeing your family for a while.]Bought this game 3 times,first on console then to PC for normal edition and now Legendary edition cuz obviously the almighty Gaben will give good deals. Spent over a few hundred hours on my Xbox and now with my PC. Definitely the best game to invest on before your exams, Altogether, the story is immersive and mods on pc makes it a bloody good game. Wasting lives since 2011 - 10/10 IGN]Great super fun and fast way to murder your social life. 11/10 Only who keeps lighting the tourches and candles in ancient tombs and ruins? And how do ancient corpses keep reburying themselves? Who allows you to eat 50 raw potatoes mid fight? And where do u keep 200 potions and an aromry to equip a whole army in your inventory? Still best game ever.]Lenny approves of this game. Bring your army, bob. 420/420 (   )(   )(   )(   )(   )]It's like Skyrim without guns]Skyrim belongs to the nords ! 10/10 would be a storm cloack again.]Good without mods. Great with mods. <3]If you bought this game and never played it, follow my steps. Step 1: Get some ENB's. Step 2: Look at pretty ENB's with new save. Step 3: Make the game your new friend. Step 4: Make the game your only friend. Step 5: Claim virginity for life. Step 6: Sell  (that floppy thing) to devil so you can keep playing.]Graphics 8/10 Pretty Good Gamplay 8/10 Magicka Stamina and Health bars work good Singleplayer 10/10 One of a kind Controls 6/10 Works Rich Single Player With Tons Of Side Quests And DLC`s And Many Good Mods]Not even Bin Laden could blow it all up. Not even Ghandi could restore peace. Not even James Blunt's singing could kill Alduin out of Sovrengarde . Not even Akatosh could kill the Thalmor. But seriously, you are the Dragonborn that can turn your voice into a powerfull Shout (Thu'um), kill dragons and absorb their souls, Fus Ro Dah Hemskr off a cliff and you can't fight in water.]Fight the Fight in Old Skyrim! Beyond the frozen tundra lies the homeland of the Nords, where radiant stories bloom and you can dual-wield magic and swords, use perks just like in Fallout, defend the family that you've reared, kill dragon's just by shouting, and you can even have a beard! 11/10 would Skyrim again]Should get this.]Fantastic game, definately worth the 15 euro(but its usually on sale) -good graphics -runs on ultra on a medium pc with good fps -lots of mods -free roaming -you can keep on going around doing wtf u want -u can customize ur character iz nice]This game destroyed my social life aaaaaa]5th Instalment in The Elder Scrolls series in which like previous instalments you will lose a lot of time playing it,because there is so much to do and explore and with all these FREE mods *cough* you can even extend that playtime or just refresh the replay value on your second/third/fourth playtrough. Ofcourse people are still sour from that fiasco with paid mods, but that shouldn't be the reason to downvote the game since the game itself was unaffected but you can't stop the coal train that easy when it picks up the speed. I'l keep this short because if you wan't more detailed review there is bound to be a bible lenght by somebody out there. Like any Bethesda/Obsidian open world game you will sink in so much time that for the price is not only worth it but highly recomended. SkyrimwithnoGuns/10]I did not think this game would be good, I though it was another RPG game (that I do not like) and I was surprised, really surprised. This game is in addictive, and with a great gameplay, history, charismatic characters, etc. I liked it so much. Recommended.]Skyrim, a land of where you can do anything. I love Skyrim for its ability to turn hours into minutes. Yes, loading screens are everywhere it seems, but when you are exploring the terrain with clear blue skies and Lydia carrying all of your  life is good. Access to the console makes some things easier, or much harder depending on what you are doing. Countless hours spent looting dungeons, helping with the civil war, and even stealing everything in a shop by putting a cauldron over the NPC's head can be found within this game. The Workshop and Skyrim Nexus have loads of things to help, or hinder, the young Dovahkiin in their journey, but overall you can find just about anything you want. The graphics, even on low, are amazing, and each little story seems to be rich and full (even though it is just as simple as delivering something). I recommend this game for that it's stunning beauty plus the amount of quests and such that is within it is worth it. Just the base game alone is amazing, but getting the legendary edition is the way to go. Yes, the occasionally silly bug of a dragon skeleton dancing or your follower getting stuck in a river for all of eternity happens, but overall the game is extremely enjoyable. The constant conflict or sweet escape you can find within Skyrim is only a few of the things. Slaying dragons, learning magic, eating 1,000 cheese wheels, and killing Heimskr and Nazeem are always a pleasure within Skyrim, and it never seems to get old. Overall rating 9/10 The Graphics aren't potato quality Zor nau, Dovahkiins...]It's a frozen nation, just to the north of where the previous game, Oblivion, took place. A pleasantly brief introduction sets up the plot: Skyrim is in the middle of a revolt, you've been sentenced to death, and dragons have just shown up. Good luck! At that point, you emerge from a cave into 40 square kilometres of cold and mountainous country, and that's it. Everything else is up to you. Even after spending hundreds of hours in Morrowind and Oblivion, the sense of freedom in Skyrim is dizzying. The vast mountains in every direction make the landscape seem limitless, and even after exploring it for 55 hours, this world feels huge and unknown on a scale neither of the previous two games did. Not all of the landscape is subzero, and even among the frosty climes there's an exciting variety: ice caverns that tinkle with dripping frost crystals, hulking mountains with curls of snow whipped up by the howling wind, coniferous forests in rocky river valleys. The mountains change everything. Wherever you decide to head, your journey is split between scrambling up treacherous rocks and skidding down heart-stopping slopes. The landscape is a challenge, and travel becomes a game. It's hard to walk for a minute in any direction without encountering an intriguing cave, a lonely shack, some strange stones, a wandering traveller, a haunted fort. These were sparse and quickly repetitive in Oblivion, but they're neither in Skyrim: it's teeming with fascinating places, all distinct. It was 40 hours before I blundered into a dungeon that looked like one I'd seen before, and even then what I was doing there was drastically different. These places are the meat of Skyrim, and they're what makes it feel exciting to explore. You creep through them with your heart in your mouth, your only soundtrack the dull groan of the wind outside, to discover old legends, dead heroes, weird artefacts, dark gods, forgotten depths, underground waterfalls, lost ships, hideous insects and vicious traps. It's the best Indiana Jones game ever made. The dragons don't show up until you do the first few steps of the game's main quest, so it's up to you whether you want them terrorising the world as you wander around. A world where you can crest a mountain to find a 40-foot flying lizard spitting jets of ice at the village below is a much more interesting one to be in. But fighting them never changes much: you can just ignore them until they land, then shoot them from a distance when they do. Your first dragon kill is a profound, weird moment. I rushed to the crashed carcass to loot it, then looked up. The whole town had come out to stand around and stare at the body, a thing as vast and alien to them as a T-rex in a museum. I tried shooting an ice bolt at it, just to demonstrate it was dead, and the force unexpectedly catapulted the whole thing violently into the distance. A beggar looked at me and said, "Oh sure, just throw your trash around." Your character gets better at whatever you do: firing a bow, sneaking up on people, casting healing spells, mixing potions, swinging an axe. There's always been an element of this practice-based system in Elder Scrolls games, but in Skyrim it's unrestricted - you don't have to decide what you're going to focus on when you create your character, you can just let it develop organically. That alone would feel a little too hands-off, but you also level up. When that happens, you get a perk point: something you can spend on a powerful improvement to a skill you particularly like. Every hour, you're making a major decision about your character's abilities. They're dramatic. The first point you put into Destruction magic lets you stream jets of flame from your hands for twice as long as before. As you continue to invest in one skill, you can get more interesting tweaks: I now have an Archery perk that slows down time when I aim my bow, and one for the Sneak skill that lets me do a stealthy forward roll. Again, the freedom is dizzying: every one of 18 skills has a tree of around 15 perks, and the range of heroes you could build is vast. I focused on Sneak to the point of absurdity - now I'm almost invisible, and I get a 3,000% damage bonus for backstabs with daggers. It's the play style I've always wanted in an RPG, but I've never been able to achieve it before. The enemies you encounter are, in some cases, generated by the game to match the level of your character. In Oblivion that sometimes felt like treading water: progress was just a stat increase, and your enemies kept pace. That doesn't apply now that your character is defined more by his or her perks, because the way you play is always changing. Levelled content is also just used less: at level 30, my most common enemies are still bandits with low-level weapons. And I still run into things too dangerous for me to tackle. Taking a narrow mountain path to a quest, something stops me in my tracks: a dragon roar. I check the skies - nothing, but I hear it again three more times before the peak. At the top I find a camp full of bodies, with a large black bear roaring over them. Hah. He's still more than I can handle in straight combat, but as he reaches me I use a Dragon Shout. It befriends any animal instantly, and he saunters casually away. Feeling slightly guilty, I stab him in the back before it wears off. Which is when the dragon lands, with an almighty crash, six feet from my face. A roar of frozen air catches me in the back, but I keep going - over a ridge, down a short drop, and straight into a bandit. I dodge the bandit, straight into a Flame Atronarch. There are five more bandits behind it. The dragon is airborne. I throw myself off the mountain, several hundred metres into the river below. I plummet to the riverbed, and swim until I run out of breath. When I surface, the sky is alight with fireballs and flaming arrows, the dragon is spewing a stream of ice down on the bandits, and I'm laughing. The stealthy character I built in Skyrim would have been less fun in Oblivion. Whether you were detected was a binary and erratic matter. Skyrim cleverly gives you an on-screen indication of how suspicious your enemies are, and where they are as they hunt for you. It makes stealth viable even against large groups: if you're rumbled, you can retreat and hide. And there's a slow, methodical pace to it - long minutes of tension broken by sudden rushes of gratification or panic. Magic, meanwhile, has been given an incredible crackle of raw power. Emperor Palpatine would be a level one mage in Skyrim - unleashing two torrents of thrashing electrical arcs is literally the first trick you learn, and it doesn't even get you tossed into a reactor shaft. One tweak is a huge loss, though: you can't design your own spells. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops. While we're on the negatives, physical combat hasn't improved much. There are cinematic kill moves when your enemy is low on health, but whether they trigger seems to be either random or dependent on whether the pre-canned animation fits into the space you're in. Too much of the time, you wave your weapon around and enemies barely react to the hits. The exception is archery: bows are now deliciously powerful!]i am so addicted to this game! its the best game! i love it. i also get to cheat a little because of the console commands! this game is the BOMB!]Better than Hitman Absolution.]Like Skyrim with guns.]This game is one of the best games ever. It has a high replay value because you can do everything different each time you play a new game (sure the beginning almost goes the same but after a while it's like you're writing your own story) :D Be warned: you'll probably lose your social life!]You can talk with dogs. 12/10]mods.. just mods sweetrolls and dragons]Had a life, oops now it's gone. Thanks Skyrim!]Whoever said the best things in life are free was wrong.]Oh, there once was a hero named Ragnar the Red Who came riding to Whiterun from ole Rorikstead And the braggart did swagger and brandish his blade As he told of bold battles and gold he had made But then he went quiet, did Ragnar the Red When he met the shield-maiden Matilda, who said; "Oh, you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead Now I think it's high time that you lie down and bleed!" And so then came clashing and slashing of steel As the brave lass Matilda charged in, full of zeal And the braggart named Ragnar was boastful no more- When his ugly red head rolled around on the floor!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you do it again. 10/10]Texture Mods, ENBs, and all sorts of other mods make an otherwise dull game with dated graphics into one of the greatest things PC gaming has to offer, next to Fallout 3 and New Vegas.]One of the best ever RPGs]If you don't own this game I feel sorry for you]This game is the reason modders live!!! On its own, straight out of the box - it's a good game and worth buying. Play it through in it's "vanilla" state to completion, then go get some mods and start again - brand new friggin' game!!!! The possibilities for replay are endless, mostly in thanks to the modders, but Bethesda has not been shy in handing them the tools, so they deserve some credit too. I seriously can't wait to see what they put out next, but I am just going to keep playing Skyrim until they do]Sexy]it's like far cry 3 without guns]This one's a favorite of mine. A legend we all know and love...]best game ever, with the AP Mod and few of the best individual standalone Female Followers *Wink* *Wink*, EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE]I killed a dragon, it died, i got soul, i powerful.]Totaly recommend. Lovely made, with an huge open world. 300hours + on cracked savegame. Never finished Story with my lvl 66 char... One of the best games I ever played. (Graphic mods and ENB's make it even more epic)]Few games can compare in terms of content to Skyrim, this has been true since the first Elder Scrolls games which were also regarded as highly ambitious for their time, dropping players into huge, open worlds to explore with no shortage of quests to undertake and treasure to find. The world changes around you depending on your actions, NPC's can die and never come back and a lot of dialog choices have drastic consequences. The game is played mostly in 1st-person, but can be switched to 3rd-person camera if you want, depending on your preference. Single-handed weapons allow you to use the right-mouse button to hold up a shield, but there are also two-handed weapons as well as bows and crossbows. Various materials and enchantments with different effects mean a huge amount of customization can be done with your equipment. The graphics are gorgeous, very few locations look the same and it is a visual treat for the eyes with a massive variety of environments to explore. The attention to detail is just mind-blowing, considering just how big the world is. It's matched by an equally epic soundtrack, although I found that there wasn't enough diversity in the music and started to get tired of hearing some particular tracks multiple times. Unfortunately, the game is crawling with bugs and I don't just mean giant spiders. Quest lines frequently get stuck, assets will warp and spazz out all over the place, the physics engine sometimes gives up and throws furniture everywhere... Some of these can actually prevent quests from being completed at all. I recommend it anyway, though, because there just isn't anything out there quite like the Elder Scrolls games. Bugs aside, it has enough unique content to keep you busy for a long time, more than enough to justify the price tag of the "Legendary" edition.]You just need this game! Never really played an RPG before, but damn this game is cool! 20/10]A great archeology game, the world is massive, but the dig sites are extremely hard to find. I played for quite a while, but i could only find different types of ores. I'm really not sure how to find fossils yet. Great easter egg in the game too! Dragons! Haha Pretty funny!]Ok! It's time to finally review this masterpiece; now that i'm 400+ hours into my first playthrough, that is Skyrim has a lot of good things going for it; I'll list my top 3 1) The Exploration--exploration has always been top-tier for me in Elder Scrolls games. Here Skyrim, like the other ES games I've played, does not disappoint. The world is ginormous, tons of places to go, quite varied topography and regions, graphics of course are gorgeous despite the occasional clipping error, very forgivable. 2) The Perks--Skyrim is the first ES game with a dedicated Perk tree and if you're familiar with perks in other games, Skyrim's tree is similar--the perks are great, many to which I said 'Oh nice! They are gonna let me do that!' Perks give a player a good reason to continually level up, to get that next perk point they need...just one...more... 3) The Writing--while nothing stands up to Bioware writing in my book, Skyrim has excellent RPG writing and quests, continuing the strong standards set in the previous games. While I'm not a fan of the main story in any ES game I've played so far, Skyrim and the others make up for that by giving a plethora of well-rounded written quests with a very respectable main questline this time, better than Morrowind & Oblivion's. What I love most about Skyrim's writing, though, is the centuries-deep backstory and history of what has happened in the host country of Tamriel since Oblivion. It is rich and detailed and some of the in-game books you can read are not to be missed, some will just crack you up. There is a lot more to say about this game but in general, you will enjoy it if you like exploration, dungeon-crawling, or racking up phat lewtz, which tends to happen a lot. Add customizable houses (If you get Hearthfire or Legendary edition), a finally good magic system, dual-wielding weapons or spells (a first to the series), the entire mod spectrum for PC players, pretty decent allied AI, and nearly infinite leveling with Legendary, Skyrim will have you playing almost forever...or till you drop dead or quit going to work, either quite likely imo. Skyrim is a relationship breaker, I'm sorry, it just is, learn to deal with it. The clincher? Those of you looking for a nice long RPG to sink time into, I spent my first 200 hours simply exploring the world, doing some side quests but mainly just following riverbanks or roads, clearing everything along the way, didn't even down my first dragon until 225 or so, and even then I'd only uncovered half the map. Add in the 2 big expansion packs and you will be set for a long while. And that's just the official non-mod content. Wait for a sale to buy Legendary edition, it is so worth it.]Worst dating sim. One mammoth tusk? Ysolda, you slet.]You can mod it to be naked people]I have no words to describe the amazing, in-depth, epic gameplay this masterpeice has to offer.]Better than Call Of Duty: Ghost.]Much better than Elder Scrolls Online. Bestheda have screwed up with that but you can still playthrough skyrim, over and over again. The game is getting old but i highly recommend installing mods from the steam workshop. They make the experience even more fun!]IF you like rpg first/third person games and most of all free roam than skyrim is a game for you. sure the story isnt as well developed as oblivion was but the number of mods and the detail in side quests makes this game get an A+ in my books sure the graphics arent as good as the crysis series but after all the game was made in 2007. one more thing the game tends to have many bugs]Magnificent game. Pros: - endless possibilities of creating your own, unique character - enormous and addictive world to explore - great story - interesting side quests - soundtrack - nice graphics Cons: - bugs - might be too overwhelming at the beginning]Once you played, you can't stop]This Game, is absolutely worth whatever money you are paying for During your time here you will be sent to time where swords and bows were powerful, and magic reigned The main story line is long enough yourself, but once its finished, there are more than 100 side quests for you to complete, keeping you busy for quite a while ALL in ALL this game is worth buying, it will keep you busy for a while and is just generally fun to play]Love this game to bits! and on pc it is even better with mods and such.]This is by far the deepest RPG I have ever played. No this is not the type of game eliest like cause they want just combat to be only thing that matters. This game has nice combat for a RPG. Best I played other then Dark Souls. Dark Souls are for those who just want the rpg combat. This game delievers everything else and more. The biggest fantysy map i have ever explored. The DLC is a ton of fun. Then once you play all that. There is a large mod community for this game. You can make food and armor, weapons, and other items. This game can be played in so many ways. There is no wonder it is the most sought after game on the RPG market. Get this and play this game. You will not regret it.]This game is just excellent. The GUI is hard to use and even version 1.9 is glitchy, but its great fun.]5775 hrs on record. Need I say more. Woot.]This game is ing  very small map no mages not much to do mabey around 4 quests 7 main story quests theres barly and dragons anywere but when they pop out you can blow in there ear and die horrible game 10/10]Best RPG Game U Should Play it]My first impressions......Brilliant. The character models are a big improvement on Oblivion, the environments look even more amazing and things like bump mapping add even more realism to the game. I've only just started playing the game so this is just a taster. I wanted to say get this game if you like RPG, Fantasy or open world games, it's probably going to be the game of the year ahead of games like Sonic Generations, Red Faction Armageddon, Crysis 2, Battlefield 3, Shogun 2, Call of Duty Black Ops and Modern Warfare 3 to name just a few releases this year. I like the lock picking process compared to Oblivions method; they have used the coding from Fallout and re skinned it. I'm not sure about the new inventory system yet; and I do miss the ability to customise the character I choose to play. Apparently Kotaku found that for every Call of Duty MW3 player there was 10 Skyrim players on its first day of release. Another innovation with this new Elder Scro]When someone thinks about Skyrim, they might think of Dragons. When I think of Skyrim, I think of extreme, violent sex scenes.]Shot my horse in the butt with an arrow and gained a level. 10/10]10/10 Amazing single player game! Hours and Hours of gameplay. simply a MUST have game!]In the first hour of playing the game I acidently killed a chicken then everyone in the town came to get revenge for it. 20/10]The Best i ever player no matter how many times i play i never get booring its jst Awesome evryone should try it im sure u'll love it]And god said Let there be light, on the first day, he made this game.]Awesome game, when you start playing it, you just can't stop.]Overall: Great fun. If you like exploring, roaming and looting, this is definately the game for you. Skyrim is a huge place, where you'll find mostly scandinavian-like countryside, but still a huge variety of ambience and style. I did not really play this for the story, it is kinda interesting, but not too deep and pretty short. The main part of the game (at least for me) is roaming, sidequests and exploring. There are quite some generic misc-quests which will send you into a dungeon you then finish and return the quest. This might get boring after a while. However it is very exciting for a lot of dungeons. The Dwemer ruins especially are awesome. But still, if you find yourself stuck with boring quests, there is the Steam-Workshop loaded with free mods and/or custom made questlines. Potential for hundreds of hours of gameplay!]This game is the very definition of sex]Skyrim... Oh my where to start... Helgan would be a great place to start seeming that's the first town you see in the game, and my oh my it's one of many, and I mean many! Skyrim is a fantastic open world, free roam game in which you create a character to help you complete the hundred, maybe even thousands of main story, and side quests! In Skyrim you play however you want to play as, be it a Mage, Archer, Warrior, even a Human Cat! You can go where you want, when you want with use of Skyrims fast travel, but if you really want, how about you just get there on foot, meet some people on the way, maybe you meet someone who needs help, maybe you meet someone who is out to kill you! It's all possible in Skyrim! Skyrim is one of my all time favourite games, when I'm bored, I play skyrim because even though I have played it for 100+ hours, I'm always finding new places, new people, new missions and more! Also Skyrim has the steam workshop and the nexus mod community behind it's back, so if you do get bored with Vanilla Skyrim, there are Thousands of downloadable quests and mods to keep you entertained for hours on end! Final rating of TES:Skyrim : 9.8/10]Skyrim, it seems, is a game that people buy expecting it to be the best or the worst game ever. When they plunge in, most people think it's very good, with its beautiful world, a story that's pretty good (in my opinion), and nice atmospheric music. After you plug in several buttloads of hours, though, it starts to lose its appeal, and gets repetitive. The game mechanics are all very nice, although the combat usually ends up just mindlessly hacking/spurting magic at your enemies. Playing as a sneaky thief, however, might help make it more interesting, with bows and whatnot. The story might seem kind of ehhh, but really, I just like the lore. All things considered, Skyrim is definitely a worthwhile game.]Skyrim is one of the greatest games I've ever played, and with a handful of mods it is probably the single greatest game in my modest Steam library. For me, it's all about immersion. The land of Skyrim is richly atmospheric, as many games are, but it is also organic. From the most mundane cellars to the windswept mountaintops and everything that lies between, the land of Skyrim was painstakingly crafted, with equal parts skill and love, to be a living and breathing place. Find a tavern and take a seat, and the little village lives on without you. You'll find yourself, even on second or third characters, discovering new conversations and overhearing new dialogue; you'll stumble into new random events, and forge brand new paths to the same old objectives. The very landscape, even, takes on new angles as your characters develop into different people with different direction, loyalties, and perspectives. I have never actually completed the main storyline of Skyrim. This is due not only various glitches that make missions unable to accomplish (most of these caused by conflicting mods, not the game in its original state), but also because only very rarely are you ever pressed to follow the structured storylines or sidequests. From the beginning, you can choose to join the Nords or the Imperials and see where each path takes you. You can join a number of guilds. But neutrality, or even hostility towards these parties, is completely possible and maybe even preferable after a few playthroughs. Skyrim is made even better through a number of mods. ENBs and texture enhancements, bug fixes, user created quests, companions, armor and weapons, and even entire islands to explore - there are literally thousands of mods available and in a very brief time one can accumulate hundreds and consider many of them to be absolutely must have... Many mods exist to cater to whatever your thing or niche might be. As a History and Anthropology student, I thought itd be cool if the Imperials didn't just emulate soldiers of the Roman Empire, but actually looked like them. I was part of the Historical Revival team as an artist and historical consultant  our mod, which also includes some Celtic and Eastern equipment and weaponry, received over a thousand endorsements from the Nexus community before we abandoned the project. During Holiday Sales, Skyrim is hitting the $10 mark (or possibly even lower). For the layers upon layers of entertainment this game offers, it is almost criminal to not own this game.]i love this game if u havent play it u are in wrong time its awesome both with mods and not with mods :)]"Frostfall" mod is highly recommended to improve immersion. Adds hypothermia, cold water survival, and camping equipment.]Probably the best open-world RPG out there. Definitely one of my all-time favourite games. The replayability is superb and the modding community is highly active, which makes it easy to play the game the way you want to play it. For me the modding experience has been the greatest aspect of the game. You can easily make the game graphics look like up to date games (as long as you have a decent graphics card). The atmosphere in the game and the way the game feels alive is something that will keep amaze you throughout the game. It really feels like a living world, even though you will stumble upon bad or awkward NPC movements and behaviour (but mods can help fix this). The music and voice acting is as good as it can get. If you like RPGs there are no reasons why you shouldnt own this game already. 10/10.]really enjoying this game, better than fallout nv]How to be a 50's dad Step 1: Buy the hearthfire DLC Step 2: Adopt a child from the orphanage Step 3: Drink untill your liver is on the brink of failure Step 4: Take out your fist Step 5 : Proceed to take your fist and RAM it in to your child's face Step 6: Tell your child to get a "God Damn job"even though they are probably just 6 and then call your child a  Step 7: If your child gets asked anything they have to say they "fell down the stairs" To be a 50's husband do the same exact thing execpt for steps 1, 2, 5, and 6]I am the PandaBorn. FUS RO DAH!]I recommend this game to all. I must admit working through all the pain of ridding it of glitches and crashes is now fun, no more anger management consulting as before. Now I look more closely at what is written and find the faults readily. Now I just seem to know exactly where they are or where they come from. Except for that random CTD but I think I have that one sorted now, fingers crossed. I still enjoy the game over two years on.]God this game is like a sponge for badness, it took all the horrible features from a great game like Call of Duty: Black Ops, put it in this game,  on it, and boom you made the game. Idk what Bathsalts was thinking when they made this horrible abomination but it sure is horrible. The story makes no sense, you play as an abroted dog that was brought back to life to go back in time and assassinate George Washington in order to free the slaves, with your set of toothpicks that are expensive as hell and break(atleast not until you've spent all your skill points on toothpicking) when you try to open a locked bathroom door. I gave it a 10/10 because i'm a ing idiot.]Well to start all the Elder Scroll Games are really just horrible to watch unless you have already played them and can understand them while watching. And despite the fact that the game doesn't look very action packed once you get into you are in great battles were you need to use tactics and smarts along with some skill to beat them, in the start yes all it is is run here hit him 2 times and bam he is dead, but as you reach lets say lvl 10 (maybe a half and hour of running around caves, not even) you end up having to use tactics not on your right trigger or mouse. Along with the amazing combat there are 1000's of quests which all have there own detailed back story, and there are also 4 guilds, 3 branches, and 1 main line which each have there own detailed rich and emotional back story that is as i describe it like a book, where every mission is like a cliff hanger and once you finally find a break point, it's 7 hours later and you just did like 20 quests. Then the treasures, the goal to become rich beyond everyone sucks you in where you need to steal from everyone to increase your coin purse by only 500 gold sucks you in till the point where you end up murdering a whole city for there stuff. Plus there is a huge world covered in towns and mining camps and caves that you can explore when ever you would like to filled with magical treasures and plot twists. And finally every player can create a character that they see them selves as training skills and grinding levels(which is the only game i have enjoyed grinding levels on) s you personalize your character to be the amazing hero you wish you could be.]I punched a chicken and then got my  kicked by an unarmed woman]I spent a bit of time in this game played around for a bit. learned some new tricks. Must say from my other TES games i have played, this is by far the most fun. I still play morrowind and Oblivion to this day. Steam is no where near the actual hours i have spent in those other games, Now as for Skyrim. would i recommend this game to anyone? Yes i would. and why would i do that. Well for starters, its mod friendly, and i do mean friendly. once you get a mod sorter to help with errors and mismatches and putting them in a proper loading order, this game becomes more than just Skyrim. it becomes a life of its own. With player created content this game could live on, and get better every year, not with the Devs help but by the Modding community. If this was a Game Dev Tycoon game, it would get that 11/10 rating. Its just that good, so good infact that i deleted my 2012 review and completely redid it. even right now, i watch youtube videos on mods to get my game to that next level. I even wiped clean my current Skyrim to get ready for a realistic game play this time around, i wanted everything fresh and clean as i piled mods on to make my game better. this will take me a couple days to get ready but once i jump in. ill be gone for a while. Some games are just so good, you go wow. whats next. all i can say is, thanks bethesda I hope Fallout 4 is as good or better than Skyrim. you got some big shoes to fill now. until then Skyrim, Morrowind, Oblivion, TESO, New Vegas, Fallout 3 will be getting a lot of my time. more so Skyrim though hehehe oh yea Buy Skyrim!!! YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT EVER! we now bring you back to your normal programing, Arrow to the knee special]skyrim a world filled with so much snow you're would think your on hoth]Skyrim is defenitely one of the best games i've ever played. The story, the awesome and big as hell open world, the way your actions have consequences, the almost infinite quests and all the awesome armor and weapons and other cool stuff you can find in this world is what makes this games almost perfect!]Good Game Rate Up +]Shout at dragons and take everything .]Write a review for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim]To begin with this one of the best if not even the very best game I've ever played. Graphics are gorgeous, and breath taking. Game is based on Open world system which is done perfectly, thus there is option to fast travel, it is actually very entertaining to travel on foot, hence the landscapes are vivid and inimitable. The land is actually full of believable and well made locations, there is no feeling of boredness like in most of Open world RPG's. The whole game world is just so intense, it lives on it's own, every NPC does it's daily basis, and have a story to tell. The main plot isn't maybe so gripping as in the plot based game, however except the simple side quests the game consists few extensive and separate side story lines, and those are usually better than the main quest line. More over the game can take a lot of various mods, which can improve or revamp any aspect of the game, especially the ENB mod is a must have if You are into visuals. Despite that game is almost the perfect in all aforementioned terms, it has a few flaws. Firstly the leveling system, although it works well up to about 30 lvl after that some enemies are just prevented from leveling, thus fighting with them is becoming boring, and the loot in this case is useless. Secondly, combat styles are unbalanced, for example magic is weak at the beginning, then it gets overpowered, and then again it becomes weaker than everything else, because it cannot be improved after some point, unlike the conventional combat methods which in theory can be upgraded to infinity. Another minor disadvantage is the AI, enemies are truly dumb if it comes to sneaking, they can take "an arrow in the knee" and after 15 seconds they say something like "oh, it must have been wind". And of course like in every gigantic project it has to contain some bugs, most of them have been fixed, and there is no major bugs with completing the game like in fallout, but sometimes some quest item get's stuck in inventory after finishing the quest, and just clutters it. But like I mentioned before game is extremely moddable, so most of bugs can be prevented with mods, and unbalanced combat system can be overhauled. And if we consider that Skyrim is so extensive game we can overlook those minor flaws and enjoy one of the greatest if not the very greatest game on this generation. ++Visuals (+++Visuals with ENB) ++Believable world ++Decent and vast DLC's ++Incredibly moddable +Physics +Audio +Story-line +Well optimized performance in vanilla game +/- Modding is not easy as it seems, and it is time consuming, however it's worth it +/- AI - A couple of minor bugs - Unbalanced combat system in vanilla game]A game that enables you to play as either gender and personalise your character to the last detail is always going to gain my interest. A game where you can ride horses, use magic and beat the  out of dragons is definitely going to gain my interest. A game that isn't linear, is packed with fantasy and lets you wear badass armour and make or find formidable weaponry is.... yeah, you get the point. Skyrim is just so full of everything that you couldn't play it the same way twice. Right from the beginning, you can choose the type of person you are going to be. A sneaky thief, a wizard, a hero, an assassin, an annoying git; you can follow whichever path you feel like and change it daily, if you want to. You can build houses and adopt children. You can punch random people in the head. You can start bar fights. You can murder innocents. You can adopt stray doggies. You can marry in a same sex marriage (well played for beating the UK at this). You can save villages. You can wreak havoc in villages. You can make enemies of an entire race of people. You can assassinate kings or make them kiss your butt. I could go on... Even if you dislike the concept of magic and prefer the 'down and dirty' physical combat like I do, the game does not disappoint. The storyline retains its relevance throughout and keeps you absorbed. And I haven't even mentioned the incredible, contrasting scenery yet. Highly, highly, recommended. I didn't even LIKE RPGs before I played Skyrim, and now I am searching in vain for a game to live up to it.]I spent a bit of time in this game played around for a bit. learned some new tricks. Must say from my other TES games i have played, this is by far the most fun. I still play morrowind and Oblivion to this day. Steam is no where near the actual hours i have spent in those other games, Now as for Skyrim. would i recommend this game to anyone? Yes i would. and why would i do that. Well for starters, its mod friendly, and i do mean friendly. once you get a mod sorter to help with errors and mismatches and putting them in a proper loading order, this game becomes more than just Skyrim. it becomes a life of its own. With player created content this game could live on, and get better every year, not with the Devs help but by the Modding community. If this was a Game Dev Tycoon game, it would get that 11/10 rating. Its just that good, so good infact that i deleted my 2012 review and completely redid it. even right now, i watch youtube videos on mods to get my game to that next level. I even wiped clean my current Skyrim to get ready for a realistic game play this time around, i wanted everything fresh and clean as i piled mods on to make my game better. this will take me a couple days to get ready but once i jump in. ill be gone for a while. Some games are just so good, you go wow. whats next. all i can say is, thanks bethesda I hope Fallout 4 is as good or better than Skyrim. you got some big shoes to fill now. until then Skyrim, Morrowind, Oblivion, TESO, New Vegas, Fallout 3 will be getting a lot of my time. more so Skyrim though hehehe oh yea Buy Skyrim!!! YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT EVER! we now bring you back to your normal programing, Arrow to the knee special]skyrim a world filled with so much snow you're would think your on hoth]Like Far Cry 3, without guns.]I punched a chicken and then got my  kicked by an unarmed woman]Best game I've ever played...EVER!]Pretty much the greatest.]Mods make this game a great buy, extending its lifespan by at least several hundred hours. Also, all mods are FREE!]i used to write good review's but then i took a sweetroll to the knee. contains: -ultra realistic horses -lots of lolligaggin' -fus ro dah -sweetrolls -naked cats punching dragons to death -totally non-repetitive phrases used by guards 10/10 must buy]Immersive, hardcore, and RPG-like +sexy women 10/10]Great RPG, go where you want, kill who you want, steal what you want. The quest are great with a good story behind it (I dont do alot of story lines, not really a fan in any game). The combat seems like an improvement from previous Elder Scroll games. Magic is fun to play around with but I'll always use my trusty Bow, the aim is right on, just hard to hit them flying dragons. Skills are done nicely, If your an archer type, using bows alot, and wanna try 2 hand weapons, you dont have to make a new character, just start using 2 hand weapons with your archer and you'll gain skill. Since there is level ramping (enemies in the world level and scale up compared to what level you are) when you switch to using 2 hand weapons, you will notice a damage differance, but just keep using you'll get your skill where it needs to be soon enough. Its easy to get lost in doing side quest from the main story, as they randomly generate. Over all, if you like alot of the Elder Scrolls and/or Fallout series, you'll love this. 9/10]Now that steam removed the mod paywall, I don't think that there is anyone who wouldn't recommend this game. If you haven't bought this yet, disregard the angry reviews and rest easy knowing that a crisis was narrowly avoided. The game itself is fantastic and the wonderful supply of high-quality mods is what allows this game to still grow and expand even today.]What can I say about Skyrim that hasn't already been said. Probably not a lot but I'll try. If you're one of the few who have never played Skyrim then you owe it to yourself to play it. Skyrim truly is just as incredible as anything you've ever heard about it and is quite possibly the best fantasy setting role playing game ever created to date. It's a true treat to play this game and just the base game will have you playing for a long time to come, and replaying it to try different things after that. It's one of those games that you'll remember your experiences in for the rest of your life. If you've never owned Skyrim on the PC then you should certainly consider buying it on Steam. There are millions of mods out there, both in Steam Workshop and out on the general web that can add a lifetime of content to this game. Didn't like the way the developers did the original skins for the races? There's tons of mods to change that. Bought a computer that cost more than your house and feel the grapics are dated?? There's mods that will make this game look as near real as you can currently get in computer grapics. You've seen all and done all there was to see in this game?? Well first off, GO YOU!! That's quite a feat! But there's mods out there that add entirely new lands, quests, armor, weapons, you name it out there so I'm betting you haven't seen it all. If you can dream it, there's a mod for Skyrim somewhere out there for it and with all that mod goodness out there, I belive you could play this game for the rest of your life and never truly see it all.]Skyrim is better than Minecraft]Skyrim is one of those RPG's that could be classified as "one in a million". Immediately after the brief opening scenes, the game lets you go out into the enormous world and do whatever you like. You can go directly to the main story; or solely focus your attention of just the guilds; or even spend 5 hrs picks flowers. The game gives you absolute freedom to do whatever you want. And that's rare in a game now-a-days, where even in RPGs there are hidden walls and linear questlines. Besides the quest, the game has hundreds of locations for you to explore. Every dungeon is different. In previous TES games, most of the dungeons, caves, or whatever looked pretty much the same (which wasn't a bad thing), but each dungeon was hand crafted to be different. Humans, beast, creatures, and dragons have set lvls, meaning the stronger you get, the easier they'll become. This is a BIG difference compared to Oblivion, where everything you fought scaled with you. That made the game much more difficult and annoying. But Skyrim allows you to go beast mode the higher you get, making you feel like you really are the Dragonborn. Then there are the mods. Mods, mods, and more mods. I love them. I have close to 50 mods on my game right now. 3/4th of them are either texture or city mods. When I say city mods, I mean there are mods that allow you to change the way a city looks to give it a more vibrant and colorful feel. Bethesda did an amazing job with the cities, but they're pretty bare. I have screenshots on my profile of just a few of the mods. So as someone who has played Skyrim on the Xbox 360, the PS3 and the PC, I can 100% say that this is one of the greatest RPGs that has ever been made. You would have to be a fool to not try it. It literally has something for everyone's play style. 10/10]Do you wish you could live in another world? Well now you can. You never have to come back to the real one, I promise. Its much safer here. 11/3.8]5I used to be an adventurer like you then I took an arrow in the knee.]The Elder Scrolls has to be one of the best open world RPG game series ever released. Every game they release seems better than the last and if the quality of Skyrim is anything to go by i can't wait to see what they do next. :)]I recommend this game to all. I must admit working through all the pain of ridding it of glitches and crashes is now fun, no more anger management consulting as before. Now I look more closely at what is written and find the faults readily. Now I just seem to know exactly where they are or where they come from. Except for that random CTD but I think I have that one sorted now, fingers crossed. I still enjoy the game over two years on.]God this game is like a sponge for badness, it took all the horrible features from a great game like Call of Duty: Black Ops, put it in this game,  on it, and boom you made the game. Idk what Bathsalts was thinking when they made this horrible abomination but it sure is horrible. The story makes no sense, you play as an abroted dog that was brought back to life to go back in time and assassinate George Washington in order to free the slaves, with your set of toothpicks that are expensive as hell and break(atleast not until you've spent all your skill points on toothpicking) when you try to open a locked bathroom door. I gave it a 10/10 because i'm a ing idiot.]Wow, I can't believe I never reviewed this game. It's good. It's a really good game.]It was okay. I didn't play it much.]Get the game, there is no good reason why you shouldnt do. Well I lie there is one the UI is designed for a gamepad, but you can mod it to something better, and you will want to.]Great game with an awesome storyline that includes... DRAGONS, pick pocketable ghosts, flying tree horses, MORE DRAGONS, zambs, cheese, vampires and werewolves, (still a better love story than Twilight) EVENMORE DRAGONS, your own personal slav- Uh... Imean followers, BLOOD, did I mention DRAGONS? and M A N Y M U C H M O R E 10/10 would Fus Ro Dah again]Walked into Riverwood for the first time saw a chicken battered it to death then the whole of Riverwood was chasing me. 10/10 would batter a chicken to death again.]Way to ruin the reputation of such awesome game, Volvo. The game is and forever will be AWESOME. 10/10. But ain't payin no' shiz for mods. If you want awesome mods and enjoy the game the way it was supposed to be enjoyed get em at Nexus (Google it). Giving a bad review just hurts me, but I'm done with Volvo's greedyness. We just should Fus-Ro-Dah all their bs. Edit: We did it guys! Volvo, has removed that "feature" that allowed us to "pay for mods" no more horse genitalia for $99.99. Edit2: Please change your reviews, let's not give this game a bad review due the bad choices Volvo and Bethesda did. Now I fully recommend you this game, so I recommend Nexus.]I already came to this game. I'm not kidding.]Well to start all the Elder Scroll Games are really just horrible to watch unless you have already played them and can understand them while watching. And despite the fact that the game doesn't look very action packed once you get into you are in great battles were you need to use tactics and smarts along with some skill to beat them, in the start yes all it is is run here hit him 2 times and bam he is dead, but as you reach lets say lvl 10 (maybe a half and hour of running around caves, not even) you end up having to use tactics not on your right trigger or mouse. Along with the amazing combat there are 1000's of quests which all have there own detailed back story, and there are also 4 guilds, 3 branches, and 1 main line which each have there own detailed rich and emotional back story that is as i describe it like a book, where every mission is like a cliff hanger and once you finally find a break point, it's 7 hours later and you just did like 20 quests. Then the treasures, the goal to become rich beyond everyone sucks you in where you need to steal from everyone to increase your coin purse by only 500 gold sucks you in till the point where you end up murdering a whole city for there stuff. Plus there is a huge world covered in towns and mining camps and caves that you can explore when ever you would like to filled with magical treasures and plot twists. And finally every player can create a character that they see them selves as training skills and grinding levels(which is the only game i have enjoyed grinding levels on) s you personalize your character to be the amazing hero you wish you could be.]Ahh yes the elder scrolls V was a very good game for the rpg style gameplay like fallout games with customizing your character the gameplay is amazing the storyline is that your a prisoner that you could give him or her a name is up to you how u want to make your character look like. +++gameplay and graphics +++weapons and spells +++good voice acting +++soundtrack If you like a RPG game like the elder scroll this game is for you]wanted to adopt a kid, but she already had parents. So I killed her parents. She got sent to an orphanage and I adopted her. 1 of my favorite games, a must-have!]so far pretty fun. i just wish it had a action bar like rift and wow does so i could get some extra use out of my razor naga mouse. kinda dumb that im a caster and have to use both hands to cast when i was watching the new lord of the rings last night and he had a sword and staff and could still cast. still a pretty fun game once you get the  weight removed from items you carry. stupidest idea ever specially for a kleptomaniac like myself. i have like 200,000 gold and i still steal everything in sight cause i just cant help myself. if its lootable its mine]One of the best games ive ever played, hours of exploration and quests to complete, highly reccomend.]SHOULD YOU BUY "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" (+DLCs) butterfly ======================================================================= -> For the base Game: Once you get into the vast world of this RPG game, which is one of the most impressive ones ever, you wouldn't want to get out from it in weeks! It has a very detailed customization system! The storyline and it's narration are amazing, the vistas and graphics are breathtaking, and the feel of the character and controls are truly great! Also, the audio effects are always sounding good and authentic which adds to the atmosphere the game has even further! Also, you can choose different factions, various skills and choose from many dialogue options and roads to take, which have different outcomes in a lot of quests! You can ride a horse and get a companion, which can be helpful for covering long distances and using the companion as a mule! The free Steam-Workshop mods that you can get, double, if not triple the fun! You get a Free HD Graphics mods for the entire game and 2-3 other ones that This masterpiece is unconditionally worth having! Trust me - if you like this genre, this game is a MUST HAVE! -> For the DLCs: Basically "Dragonborn" lets you ride the Dragons; "Hearthfire" let's you build a home from scratch and you can decorate it more than the base game; "Dawnguard" has a really interesting new questline and adds a few enthrallingly designed armours. ALL DLCs are not worth it for their money, or buying them alone - the prices never drop more than 50%. If you're buying the game - buy the Legendary Edition, because you'll save much more on the DLCs and they add a good deal of quests and hours of fun and adventure into the game. "Dragonborn" and "Dawnguard" are worth it the most because they both add new sets of Armour that adds more protection than the base game sets, a lot of new and exciting quests, and if you find it cheaper to buy only 1 DLC - make it "Dragonborn" (most quests among all DLCs; the ability to ride dragons; best armour protection in the whole game content and more...) OVERALL SCORE: 10 (YES - YOU SHOULD BUY!) ======================================================================= falkwreathAudio (Voices, Narration, sounds): 10 markarthVideo (Graphics, Quality of in-game videos, vistas): 10 riftenStory (Plot, side-quests, how it is all introduced + variety): 10 solitudeGenre-typical atmosphere: Amazing for an RPG = 10+ windhelmPhysics (Mechanics, Gravity, General feel and control): 10 whiterunLongevity (Time you will definitely spend in the game = 100+ hours): 10+]Dragons, dragons everywhere]got over encumbered after picking up a feather 11/10 would pick up more feathers]Introduction: It's rare for me to give a game a perfect score, but Skyrim is a real gem. In this chapter of the Elder Scrolls saga, you will probably end up investing hundreds of hours of your life to experience open world storytelling at its best. Bethesda did a flawless job immersing the player in countless diverse adventures, from fighting dragons to dabbling with gods, and none of these questlines ever lose their shine. Being an open world roleplaying game, it goes without saying that Skyrim provides a huge environment that you can explore at your own leisure. However, like its predecessors, Skyrim is not completely without flaw. On rare occassion you might happen accross a technical glitch or two (usually easily fixed by a mod), but let me tell you firsthand that this is well worth the price. In spite of its shortcomings, Skyrim is still the best game that I have ever played, and it is impossible to see it as anything outside of a uniquely enchanting experience. Story: Really, there is too much story to cover, so here is the primary synopsis: Tamriel is a land brimming with danger, in this masterpiece. It was once prophesied that a dragon, known as Alduin, would return to destroy the world. It is up to the player to defeat the world eater, before it is too late. Meanwhile, there is a war brewing between the Stormcloaks and the Imperials, in which the player can choose to involve themselves, or remain neutral. Again, this is a HUGE open world experience, where you can safely ignore the main storyline for 80% or more of your gametime. There is always stuff to do, and you will never be bored. Gameplay: There are several races and classes that you can pick from, and there is something for everybody in the mix. You can even mix races with their non-default roles, if you wish to experiment. By default, you can play a Breton, Altmer (High Elf), Argonian, Bosmer (Wood Elf), Dunmer (Dark Elf), Imperial, Khajiit, Nord, Orsimer (Orc) or Redguard. There are other races you could mod in, however I feel the default races are perfect, and found no need to do this myself. It should be taken into consideration that each race starts with a different set of base stats. The early game customization is wonderful, and Bethesda gives you a lot of options to work with. I think the character customization in Skyrim might just be one of my favourite elements, so don't be afraid to add personality to your characters appearance! Classes are also extremely diverse, and there is no right or wrong way to play them. You could mix and match them, and still be able to beat the game. However, some of the archetypes include: Two-Handed Warrior, Archer, Battlemage, Thief, Assassin, Warlock, Paladin, and Nightblade. There are many places to read up on the archetypes, so I won't flood this section with information. =) It should also be mentioned that the difficulty can be determined at any point in the game by the player. I felt this was an extremely nice feature, as I enjoy challenging gameplay. I feel that Skyrim is extremely well balanced, and (unless you're playing legendary) never strays to the realm of impossibility. Even legendary creatures are beatable, it just takes a lot more effort and strategy. Controls: Controls can be set through the settings menu, and the default controls are really not so bad. If you're anything like me, however, you might prefer the 360 controller approach, and I am pleased to announce that this is entirely supported by Skyrim. It was no fuss for me to set it up, and so I would say that the controls of this game are very user friendly - and in the end, boil down to personal preference. Graphics: I feel as though the graphic quality of Skyrim has been highly praised elsewhere, so permit me a moment to beat a dead horse: The graphics in this game are true to detail, and very in-depth. In other words: Worthy of the hype. You can take your game a step further, if you so desire, by installing mods - as Skyrim is a host to many of these personal preference improvements, and remains highly customizable. The aurora borealis which spans over Tamriel at night is possibly the most beautiful feature to be found in the game. The visuals and sounds are highly impressive on their own, but when you mix them with exploration and discovery, it's only icing on the cake. Sound: The sounds of Skyrim feature an original score, which I have been told reminds some people of Oblivion. The main theme is brilliant, and has been covered countless times for those of you who might be interested. The lyrics of the main theme is written in dragon language, which sets it apart from the little tunes that you will hear the bards sing throughout the game. Replay Value: I have already replayed this game so many times, and I guarantee you will too. Smolder's Note: Finally, a note on modding. This is extremely simple, for those of you who have never modded before, and even easier for those of you who have. However, you can easily fix a lot of the game bugs and glitches by use of these wonderful implementations made by other Skyrim users. It is also very simple to add other mods to your game, such as Immersive Armors, Immersive Creatures, or Immersive Weapons (all three are mods that I cannot live without). I really want to take a moment to encourage you to check out the lore-friendly mods that might enhance your Skyrim experience. I hope this helped!]Its Skyrim...nuff said really.]I like that you have choices and you get to kill dragons!!!!]It's a great game with a great modding community. Thanks for getting rid of the paywall, Valve and Bethesda.]I took 80 worth of arrows to obtain this beauty]Like Skyrim with swords. 11/10]Paid mods are finally gone, which consists of pretty much 99.99% of the negative reviews. BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT]i was going to write a review but THEN I TOOK LE ARROW TO LE KNEEE XD HAHA IM SUCH A NERD XD]best game in my life *after fallout*]Love it! :3]10/10 Horse mechanics.]altho i just started the game for a while, i already find the game fun and interesting. especially with all kind of mods out there. i love games with quests! this game has plenty of them!!]pretty good xD]This game is good.]The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim is an open world role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks in 2011 The game takes place in the Nordic lands of Skyrim where the character must defeat the legendary dragon Alduin who according to prophecy will devour the world. The player can also become part of the Imperial Legion or the Layers of the Storm, parties that are under civil war. This game has several different stories going on at once in a huge world. Skyrim allows more than 100 hours of gameplay doing different things. It has a great replay value and looks very good for a RPG. Also it has lots of mods. The game is not linear, the player can explore the vast world choosing to meet goals . You can also get mates who attend to fight with you and deal with several creatures of nature that get in your way and the dragons that Alduin revive . The graphics engine called Creation Engine improved graphics and interface level when compared with Elders Scrolls IV Oblivion. It is a game that even those who enjoy other genres find more entertaining. Skyrim takes us into a different world, like when you watch " The Lord of the Rings ". The combat system is also improved compared to other Bethesda games like the excelent Fallout 3. Skyrim sold over seven million copies in its first week and was the best RPG of 2011 . The game was released for PC , PS3 and XBOX 360. Although the minimum requirements are lower, a Quad Core PC processor , 4GB of RAM and a powerful graphics card with 1GB of video ram is recommended. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ESPAOL ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim es un videojuego de rol de mundo abierto desarrollado por Bethesda Game Studios y publicado por Bethesda Softworks en 2011 El juego tiene lugar en las tierras nrdicas de Skyrim donde el personaje debe derrotar al legendario dragn Alduin quien segn la profeca devorar al mundo. El jugador adems puede convertirse a la legin Imperial o a los Capas de la Tormenta que estn en guerra civil. De esta forma el juego posee varias historias diferentes que ocurren al mismo tiempo en un mundo enorme a disposicin del jugador. El juego permite jugar tranquilamente 100 horas haciendo cosas diferentes. Tiene una gran rejugabilidad. El juego no es lineal, el jugador puede recorrer el extenso mundo eligiendo que metas cumplir. Adems puede conseguir acompaantes que lo asistan. Tambin puede enfrentarse a los seres de la naturaleza que se encuentren en su camino y a los dragones que Alduin revive. El motor grfico llamado Creation Engine mejor el nivel grfico y la interfaz si lo comparamos con el Oblivion. Es un juego que hasta los que disfrutan ms de otros gneros encontrarn entretenido. Skyrim nos sumerge en un mundo distinto, como cuando uno mira "El seor de los anillos". El sistema de combate tambin est mejorado con respecto a otros juegos de Bethesda como el excelente Fallout 3. Vendi mas de siete millones de copias en su primera semana y fue el mejor juego de rol del 2011. El juego se lanz para PC, PS3 y XBOX 360. Aunque los requisitos mnimos son mas bajos, en PC se recomienda un procesador Quad Core , 4GB de RAM y una tarjeta grfica poderosa con 1 GB de ram de video.]Jumping from 100 feet with a horse --- horse dies . I survived . 10/10]I'll admit, at first when I heard of the game it didn't seem as interesting, thought it would be like the rest that claims to be epic when it's not. But over time I saw my friends play it, and when I looked it up for a voicepak project I was working on, I was wrong... the game was something I was actually expecting in a game: no ending point, full customization, the ability to fight in 1st person with any weapon, outstanding music, ability to make potions, armor, weapons and food like in MMO games, and a great storyline with many branching quests. All in Single Player! I never got the DLC yet, but I can already tell it'll make the game worth every cent it's worth! Too addicting. Even the mods make the game fun. Never gets old with a character with wings. ESPECIALLY if killed by a giant! (Flying in the air always cracks me up. XP) Screw the 10/10 rating, and even the 20/10 rating... it deserves the 50/10 rating!! Best RPG game ever on Steam!]dont buy this its not good game. buy a better game sonic adventure 2 is better its like this but better.]Skyrim offers probably the best possible value of Money versus Content. Truly astonishing and vast world; fantastic voice acting; huge number of quite diversified quests - many of them deserve applause; beautiful graphics with some amazing design work behind them, and many, many more... "Remember always this: As you will it, so it shall be".]Wait, I know you.]I will play this one day. Promised.]This is one of the best games I have ever played ( )]I have no life xD 1902.5 hrs a bit too much XD i dont know how i still play this game probly cause i havent completed the game as every race xD on legendary x10 difficulty]Vanilla Skyrim is a decent game. When modded with Skyrim Nexus, it become comes a superb game. For any Skyrim fan who's never modded thier game with Nexus mods, I can't recommend it enough.]I have over 100 hours in this game, and I have only done three quests from main story line... So many things to explore to care about main quest...]finished the game in 5 hours using the console 10/9]Paid mods removed. All is well.]Ohh my god.. this game is just awesome.. its addicted like hell. the graphics are the best i've ever seen the story line is great and never got bored... 10/10!!]Very good game, 10x better with all DLC's.]An accurate representation of finns. You run thorugh snowy wastelands, shouting at everything and drink all the time.]Good game, made even better thanks to an amazing modding community.]Even with all the bugs and quirks that can happen in such a massive game, Skyrim is definitely a breathtaking experience. Large open world, numerous quests, interesting storyline. The graphics have of course much improved since the last installment. They somewhat dumbed down the interface to accomodate consoles but once you get past that the game is really enjoyable.]- Installed - Loaded in - Created Character - Did all the intro quests - Talked to jarl of whiterun - Noticed that I could use console commands - Turned off my auto-save feature - Spawned 500000 cabbages - Game crashed - Loaded back in - Sees that I can't continue my game - Creates another character Cabbage/500000; would over throw whiterun with cabbages.]Do not Mess with chicken in Riverwood!]Horse genitalia is free again.]Bought it at a sale for 4 bucks. Installed it the second day. Played 11 hours straight. Got addicted. Took a break. Bought the Dawnguard DLC. Got addicted. Took a break. Bought the Dragonborn DLC. Got addicted. Either way, this game is <3. There's alot of things to do, many quests(missions), different armors (light armor, heavy armor), weapons (two-handed, one-handed), magic (destruction, conjuration, illusion, alternation) and muuuuuuuuuuch more. The story is bassicly a land in which a civil war is raging, between the rebel Stormcloaks led by Ulfric Stormcloak and the Imperial Legions lead by General Tullius, and then dragons appear and your story starts ( You can also be a Stormcloak or a Imperial). There are many other factions/guilds, such as the Thieves Guild, the Dark Brotherhood, the Colleague of Winterhold (mages) and the Companions, and the Dawnguard DLC introdouced 2 new factions: Vampires & Vampire Hunters (Dawnguard). I also forgot to mention differnet races, you can be a Argonian (lizard-like humanoid), a Khajit (cat-like humanoid) and there are 3 types of Elves (originally 5 but other 2 were wiped out), there are also Orcs, then there are humans: Imperials, Nords, Bretons, Redguards and more. There are many places to discover, anyways not to spoil this game any further, it's worth buying it. Especially if you played previous Elder Scrolls titles or Fallout. Oh and there are lots and lots of dragons, they even made a dragon language.]Does this game really need a recommendation? You must play it.]So good I don't even own the game and I can write a review.]Godly. Glorious. Majestic. Perfection. Merged together all in one.]Godly. Glorious. Majestic. Perfection. Merged together all in one.]If you don't have Skyrim then get out from under your rock and play this.]Needs a mod where you can turn all the High Elves into Nazis and then just kill them one by one I mean they are all basically mini Hitlers why the  are they a race]Great game! 0/10!]Anybody is complaining about dlc's under a different name. 10/10 best flamewar ever.]People stop giving this game a negativ review!]Sex position simulator with dragon toys and magic. 8/10]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim I have played this game for many hours now, so I shall finally come to complete a review. Graphics The graphics (unmodded) aren't half bad, you could live with them without a probleem. However, if you want a real pretty game, you can mod this game until it just won't even want to play anymore! In fact, there's around 10,000 mods on Nexus, G.E.M.S and Steam Workshop! So if you like to mod till you drop, this is an epic win to buy for you. The textures are outstanding, especially since this is such of an old game! You could easily run this game on med-high settings to get 60fps, then add mods to still have a decent fps! This game is a real gem if you choose to add the 4K mods, although you might experience only around 45-55fps on average, so you should be slightly worried about what mods you're going to download! There's plenty of ways to get yourself out of trouble if your game won't launch, so it's usually a quck fix to get your game back up and running again. Gameplay The gameplay is extremely fun to have in an already awesome game. You could: Kill, scavenge, steal, go to prison, "borrow", eat, fight, drink and tons more! Skyrim is sort of realistic, but only in the sense that you can eat, scavenge, steal ect. So no, this isn't an accurate representation of what medieval times looked like too much! Although on some parts such as the castles and forts, it is quite close to how they could've looked like, so extra points there Bethesda. You also can get a whole new game with the Legendary Edition that adds all the DLC to your library with the full game, granting you access to a wife, Vampires, a house, children and so, so, so much more! You can clearly tell by the number of mods, you won't get bored of Skyrim easily anyime soon as you could get the entire combat system be reworked on, or have some items become over powered or reskined. If you do get stuck in a situation where you are just plain bored, there's tons of cheats you could use, such as more money, but remember, make a new save before you create your legit save illegitemate! Maps! Skyrim's map is an absolute collossus! It is around the size of Just Cause 3's map, but just medieval! They put tons of detail in this map, but if you want anything else of the map, you can always mod it. In fact you SHOULD mod it as long as your PC can handle it. There's plenty of animals / creatures to kill, loot and get XP points from. You could go mining, you could go on an adventure, you could even ride a stallion to the tip of a mountain, nearly touching the clouds while staring down below to see how far you have come. But don't forget, if you dissaprove then just mod it! Summary To sum Skyrim up, I've created a list, or else I'd have to make 10 pages worth of a review on this superb game Pros and Cons Pros: Excellent graphics Giant number of modders and mods Barely ever get bored There's so much things to do You can play the game without using a single cheat There's cheats If you don't like something , you could use a mod to change it Legendary Edition is worth the price DLC is worth the price Massive map Thousands of enemies Quests that eren't fully boring The Gameplay is fun Skill tree Voice acting isn't terrible Some funny dialouge lines You can install a mod such as Wyrmstooth for a few more hours of fun The combat is pretty good You could buy/build your own house (requires DLC) If you already own DLC, then mod the game, you will feel as if it's a completely different game You can change how things look (such as changing the setting to extremely hot) using mods YOU can mod Skyrim Cons: No multiplayer Skyrim might crash because of some mods :/]one of the best games ever]Man,This game man..is ...well..INCREDIBLE AND AMAZING,This game here is Just..Worth buying and playing!,The Enviormenthe Quest the items the Story.9/10 why 9/10? why not 10/10,Well because what i sometime dont like is that When you Kill a king he wont die..no matter what you do..And..THE Mods is just Incredible! HIGHLY RECOMENDATION! Good job Bethesda!]it's like super hexagon but without hexagon]Its a great simple fun to play game, be careful. YOU WILL GET ADDICTED!!]This da game what u need blame 10/10 IGN]Only 3 words can describe this game: FUS RO DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH]This game literally has ENDLESS possibilities. Best money I've ever spent and one of the most popular RPG products out there.]A bit about the game and developers. Skyrim was made by one of those top known companies on Earth, called Bethesda Softworks. They are the same guys behind all other The Elder Scrolls games, as well as the upcoming hit MMORPG which i will only buy if it will not have monthly fee: Elder Scrolls Online! About Gameplay. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, or Skyrim for short, is a role playing game which puts all those WoW and any other MMORPG elements into one beautiful single player game. There are hundreds, probably even thousands of quests which you can complete in Skyrim. Some give you money, some give you items, some give you fame. They also sometimes give you all three of those. There are various missions such as: Protect a guy while he is going from one city to the other, or find the lost treasure which might or might not be in a cave, kill a dragon in a nearby village, slaughter bandit camp, hunt down vampires or some other very fun missions. Great thing about Skyrim is that there are no classes. You can be anything that you desire. You can be a mage with heavy armor. Or a gladiator with robes so you could move faster. Literally anything you want! There are also a lot of professions that you can chose from like Blacksmithing and alchemy. Blacksmithing allows you to build some weapons which can not be built in game, while alchemy allows you to make various potions and enchants on your weapon, allowing you to make the most powerful equipment in the whole game. There is one main quest and tones of other quests. You can also join a guild that will give you some benefits such as cheaper items in shops, they will also allow you to buy some items which can't be bought by normal merchants and so on and on. There are various guilds such as Thief guild, The Comapnions, mercenary guild, mages guild, The Dark Brotherhood (assassins) and so on and on. There are various armors, robes and leather equipment for you to use. There are also various weapons such as bow and arrow (with a lot of different types of bows and arrows), swords, warhammers, maces, staffs... There are also combinations such as dual wielding swords, or sword in one hand and an axe in the other. Enchants also make your equipment much stronger, giving you some boosts as 15 more protection from heavy armors, or "Upon hit you deal shock damage" or something else. Since you can enchant your own equipment, there are also various combinations you can use as well. Character customization is pretty amazing but nothing that would go into the depth of a character as some other F2P games such as Tera or APB: Reloaded. There are also various of different races to chose from. All races give you some boosts. Also, choosing a race is also important for some quests because some NPC's might like you more if you're a Nord, while other would like you more if you were an imperial. Combat system in this game is pretty sweet. You need to aim above the target with bow and arrow because arrows fall after a while. Some magic skills require some time to get casted, others are instant. Melee weapons allow you to do few different attacks, depending on how you do them. If you move your mouse to the right or left while holding the attack button, your character will do a slash attack, while if you move your mouse up, your character will do a slice attack which also does massive damage to all enemies right in front of you. Graphic and Audio Graphic in Skyrim is amazing. There are wonderful sights to see, wonderful mountains, flowers, trees. All the NPCs look stunning, and so do animals. Well wolves are kind of disappointment to me but everything else is just wonderful. And the sky takes my breath away, no mater if it's day or night. And songs are amazing. But then again, all Elder scrolls songs are amazing. Once you hear them, you can't stop listening and humming them all day long. Dovahkiin, Dovahkiin! Pros, cons and final grade. Pros: - Nice customization. -Wonderful graphic and audio - Massive sandbox world, full of various creatures and places. - Saving a village from a dragon, the village people will remember your fame. Cons: - A lot of bugs which are not important. Overall grade: 10/10 Thank you for reading my reviews! Don't forget that I'm usually posting new reviews on my blog weekly and you can check them out here: http://midnightwolfie.blogspot.com Thank you!]IT IS A VERY NICE GAME SKYRIM 4REVER THE BEST GAME recomand for all is open big world! Skyrim is not a direct sequel to Oblivion, but a new chapter in The Elder Scrolls series, set 200 years after the events of Oblivion. As with previous The Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim begins with the player character as an unknown prisoner.]One of the best Sandbox RPG games.]An excellent game which is still great fun even after several playthroughts. I recomend checking out the steam workshop and skyrim nexus for mods, which can greatly improve the game.]Easily one of the most awesome games the world of RPG will ever make. Skyrim hasn't been there for even 5-years and I can say that it has left a mark in history...]Are you tired of taking the same old paths? Feel like you're going nowhere fast?! Fast Travel'd! Are dragons taking you on a one-way trip to high HrothSNORE?! zzzzzzzz These convenient means of travel are so boring. There's got to be a better way. THERE IS! Try to hop over that mountain at a 75 degree angle! The most exciting way of getting where you want to go eventually!!!!!* *Getting where you want to go NOT guaranteed. But on a serious note. Gameplay: 10/10 Graphics: 10/10 Wasted Life: 10/10 I recommend this to ANYONE who loves to sit around in their room for hours/days/weeks/months/years on end without human interaction.]A masterpiece from the XX century: great graphics and music, huge map and variety of quests, interesting storyline and a big amount of weapons, armor, potions, enchantments, etc. Almost the same game style as Fallout 3 (being that it was made by the same company), but instead of guns, we have medieval weapons: swords, knifes, axes, bows, even a big amount of magic spells. The level up system works not just by killing people and creatures, but by performing different actions, such as sneak by, selling stuff, archery, different magic schools, theft, alchemy and more. Even though the game looks like a FPS, I think it's a fair game when it comes to battles and it has the posibility to change camera views. What it makes it unique from the other sequels is that the main enemies are dragons which you have to fight and defeat throughout the game. A fully recommended game which takes quite a lot hours to be beat and another amazing game from Bethesda Softworks.]Unbelievable game cant stop playing it. Definately Reccomended]Your whole life will change when you buy this... trust me :D]Where to begin, this is a fun fantasy RPG that will satisfy anyone, you can play however and who ever, you can be a mage, thief, or warrior. It sounds like some stupid game no one cares about but trust me you will like it.]Personally the best action/adventure RPG game I've ever played. You can play the game over and over and over again, and you still wont get bored of it because there is simply too many choices too make, too much quests to finish in a large variety of ways. 10/10]9/10 I Love this game, and everything that goes on in it. I Bought it for my PS3 when I lived in an apartment, I also own it on PC (obviously). Can't say I regret ever having bought this game. Everything is worth checking out. The DLC is amazing, and brings new things that help improve the game even more. I would advise checking out mods. This game has replayability and definitely a chance to get your moneys worth from it. I still have a hard time believing I invested 1,300 some odd hours of my life into this game. Aside from that, some negatives is probably the fact it is older, and may not meet new standards of graphics for some people who are all about pretty pictures, but if that is not a problem for you, as it isn't for me at all, you will love this game.]it cool]Great game with more and more to do each day you play, and mod support!]Open world, many features, very good story and much more hours to play this cool game.]Everyone should own this game.]skyrim belongs to the nords!]If you've played previous Elder Scrolls games, glitches and oddities don't come as a surprise. Nevertheless, Skyrim feature tighter combat, fewer bugs, improved graphics and so on. If there is anything to complain about in this game, it would be the user interface, inventory taking up A LOT of useless items, SOME bad acting, as you level up, the creatures you fight take FOREVER to kill by hitting them 30-40 times, and finally its replayability value. Creating characters is nice (even though it takes a very long time to get what you want done). Finding and completing quests is solid. I said all I disliked. The game succeeds in comparison to Elder Scrolls IV, and I am addicted to this game like a... person... playing games! Replayability value is hard to get back to though if you leave the game for a month or more. Anyways, great work on the game, this is more than I expected it to be with little to no struggle to get "used to". Postives: +Tons of content +Fun combat +Huge open world to explore +Modding tools +Deep character creation tools +A lot of side missions and long/endless gameplay +A lot of ways to improve graphics Negatives: Bug-free Horrible voice acting Poor character animations Overall: 9/10]This game is so excellent that I don't even feel worthy enough to review it. Suffice it to say that "the bar" in terms of Role Playing Games is just a plaything for Bethesda Game Studios. They can put it wherever they want and it will stay there until they come back for it again. Nobody else will even come close.]a very entertaining and addictive game]Honestly, this is one of the best games I have ever played, it's up there on my lst with the Legend of Zelda games like OoT and LttP. Enough with that, back to the acutal review. If you ever loved Medivaeavl Fantasy as a kid, or still do (like I do), you will love this game. You can do whatever you want in this game. The stories are not tight like many other games I've played. You can turn from a Mage to Warrior in a blink of an eye, and back agian. Also, my 300 hours of playing this game doesn't give this review much justice as I first played on my Xbox 360 when it came out, but eventually bought it on the PC for mods, and it is sooo much better, In the end, we won't see a game as good as this in awhile, at least untill Bethesda makes Fallout 4 and/or The Elder Scrolls VI. (Or if Valve makes Half Life 3..) Last thing I would like to say is that Famitsu, a highly revered review magizine gave Skyrim a perfect 40/40 score, it was the first western game to get the perfect score, Grand Theft Auto 5 being the second.]Be a cat and empty everyones pockets, ben a man and defeat a dragon or be whatever you want to be and kick some as. done with the game, maybe try some mods?]I've put 150+ hours into this game on xbox 360 then i saw mod's i got a PC got playing and so far have put 100 more hours into it and haven't even started the story it's by far the best game of all time ( in my head anyway ) it's great for role playing and even better for modding but if you do mod skyrim i reccomend the Nexus there's a link here https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&sqi=2&ved=0CCEQFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.nexusmods.com%2Fskyrim%2F&ei=8fU4VLuVN4iS7Ab6rICwDA&usg=AFQjCNEazjtbVL2aDTcRk3hz2472xISR8g&bvm=bv.77161500,d.ZGU but if you haven't play this game you haven't gamed]"its like cod with out guns" -ign 10/10]I love this game. I wish it was a bit more like Morrowind but it is still the best game Ive played.]When you're bored, Skyrim is there for you. Always.]its a good RPG game,the dlc are good,like the steam workshop mods, i would give this 10/10]TESV: The Elder Scrolls is a great, amazing game with incredible depth. I fully recommend it. 10/10]"Like Far Cry 3 without guns." -ign]If you like questing in a fantasy world and don't own this game you might be insane. Say whatever you like about simplified mechanics and action combat, Skyrim takes you to a world like few games do and is fun from begining to end.]Skyrim is one of my favorite RPG's of all time. You play as a speacial Hero known as the "DragonBorn" meaning you have the blood of dragons within you, and you can use the speacial words of power. As you adventure through the massive land of Skyrm, fighting monsters, bandits and Lengandary Dragons, you learn more about the land and its dark and instresting secrets and story. This game is worth any price.]you can eat bees.]Game of the ing century.]Oh skyrim what a glorious piece of art. Everything about it is right. Only a few flaws, but really improved from it's pass brothers. Leveling and combat system for example is fix to many players comfort. Graphics are beautiful and have no limits if you have it on pc. To sum it all up, I highly recommend this piece of art. For every cent is worth it.]Day 1 Made an epic charecter. slayed some imperials, almost got decapitated, and made friends with a soldier. Day 2 Murdered a chicken, and the whole town tried to kill me. luckily I escaped to Windhelm, where I joined the stormcloaks. Day 3 Retrieved a Stone Tabled Enscribed with runes. Got yelled at for being slow about it. Day 4 Killed by a mudcrab. *Slow Clap* 10/10]i installed a porn mod and thats all]awesome game lots to discover :D]This game, is a game of massive preportions. As is a game that I've invested over 1k hours into, not only for it's content in the landscape or terrain, rather its sense of "I haven't done everything yet" or "I've done everything, mabye I'll do it again". This game has consumed a majority of my life, and I can't say I'm against that, it truely is a game to buy, play, complete, then mod to oblivion. Speaking of which, buy oblivion too.]Well, to be quite frank i only have one sentence to describe this game. 10/10 would bang.]I killed a chicken and got stabbed to death by an angry villager. 11/10 GOTY]Killing a chicken will cause everyone to try and kill you. Do not hurt chickens, but if you must, do it stealthily.]This is the best game I've ever played. If you don't know about a game to buy, this is the perfect choice and the right destination of your money. And, thanks to the mods, you can play it forever. You don't even have to worry about the story (If you only center your attention in it, your game will be a little short, I guess) . The beauty of this game is to explore the amazing lands of Skyrim and the beautiful lore that has to offer. The freedom that this game gives you, it's impossible to compare with any other. It's just unique. I love it. PS: If you value your social life, just don't buy it. This game is a real life-drainer.]*On a quest to receive Mammoth tusk* *Found a Mammoth* *Started Punching it* *Giants started chasing me* *Ran* *Few yards later a Mammoth falls out the sky and dies* *Retrieves Mammoth tusk and completes quest* 11/10.]One of the best RPG's i've played. Even though I owned this game on my xbox I brought it again on Steam and can happily say it was a good decision. I own the Hearthfire and Dragonborn DLC at the moment and have over 200 hours in this game after completing it on xbox as well. If you're willing to mod you can add so much more to the game which is especially useful if you're looking to add more hours of gameplay in if you get bored after a while. Great game overall.]Although I have few hours on my PC, I have well over 1,200 hours on my PS3 playing this game and I can tell you, PC is better in every aspect. This game never ends, as soon as you think "I wonder if there's a mod for..." There is. You can go install mods that add new followers to ones that allow you to open your own market stall, to be tended by said followers. You can slay dragons, conquer dungeons, and best of all, get smashed. If you're on the borderline about getting this game, get the Legendary Edition. Hearthfire really allows you to immerse yourself in the game, while Dawnguard and Dragonborn provide more challenges than the average missions. 10/10]One of the best games ever.]200 hour game 150 hours of menu navigating]Is there anything else to be said?]Totally blew away my initial expectations, and has everything Oblivion had and more. The story of this game definitely lives up to the Elder Scrolls series, throwing you into the middle of a country on the brink of war between the empire loyalists and the stormcloaks. While this is going on, an ancient prophecy begins to unfold as well, marking the return of dragons in Skyrim. I have to say this storyline was incredibly engaging and satisfying to me, especially since you have the ability to choose a side in the war and follow that path through to the end. The soundtrack of this game is still very good, although I still prefer the music from Oblivion more. As far as things to do, there is so much to do in this game it is insane. There are hundreds of hours of gameplay to be found in activities and questlines in a single playthrough alone, and the game even warrents multiple playthroughs due to the heavy level of customization present in character creation and skill trees. I myself had more than one playthrough of this game doing different types of characters, some more satisfying than others. This is easily one of the greatest RPG's of the year, if not of all time to date.]If you don't mind a little tinkering, this game can be one of your all-time favourite purchases. Any Elder Scrolls game wouldn't be complete without a massive modding community, helping you to twist the game to any of your fancies. Want to make the game better looking? Mods. Want to have more realistic in-depth lore while you explore the land? Mods. Want to bash your enemies with a Captain America shield and a squeaky toy while using a dragon shout to call forth Thomas the Tank Engine? Mods. No seriously, there are mods for that last one.]I put alot of time into this game, and I have to say it is one the greatest games I have ever played. Skyrim takes to a snow covered kingdom torn by civil war and a new threat, Dragons. You play as the Dragonborn, a mystic being capable of speaking in dragon langauge and using the power of your voice to produce a th'um or a shout. By now i would assume that people already know about the internet famous, FUS RO DAH shout that pushes enemies back. On the subject of enemies, Skyrim offers a wide variety of enemies that you can face. You want dragons, you got dragons, you want skeletons with shrouds who can shoot magic from thier hands, you got that too. The game also has a leveling systen so when you level up the enemies will get slighty stronger and have better equipment. Not to mention the almost endless variety of mods you can use with your game. "But Dy-no, what if i like Call of Duty?" Don't fret, they have guns. MEDIVAL GUNS. with the all new dawnguard add-on you can have crossbows. Yet again not to mention the modding community makes some pretty sick flintlock pistols. the game also has longbows and shortbows. "But Dy-no, what if I wanna set someone on fire?" Well, now you can with the all new skyrim the video game that has a magic system that rivials that of oblivion. You can set someone on fire, frezze the  out of them, or turn them into a lightbulb that has to much electricity. "But Dy-no, i'm a 13 year old boy, what if i wanna be a girl?"  LOGIC, in the first mission of the game, you hope off a carriage and a man askes who you are, then a plastic surgeon who is played by you, must make you character as deformed or as astheicly pleaseing as possible. There is no time limit so you can spend hours and hours trying to find the find the right shade of brown to go right below your cat person left  cheek. Also being the plastic surgeon you are, you can make your cat person a man or a woman in the click of a button. "But Dy-no, what if i want to play with my friends?" Well little timmy, you can't. this game has no co-op of any kind. except you do have followers that follow you around the whole map like a fat guy looking for his piece of pizza that slid into his fat rolls. "But Dy-no, what if i want to have sex with a person, in this game?" NO, you can't because those es who were working buy the whiterun stables got narked out.  DA POLICE. "But Dy-no, what if i hate awesome games that let you kill stuff?" Then you go back to Call of Duty and don't buy this game. "Last question, what if i want to kill a chicken?" NO, YOU CAN'T HARM THE GOD DAMED CHICKENS BECAUSE THEY ARE PRICELESS AND EVERY GUARD IN EVERY HOLD WILL BE GRIDDING ON YOUR  BECAUSE YOU ACCIDENTLY LIT A CHICKEN ON FIRE. 10/10 GOTY]Has nude mods. 11/10 would fap again]I shouted a goat off of a mountain and then got robbed by an elf with no shirt on. 10/10]Got this Sunday afternoon, and every moment I've been at home I've been playing it. Its ruined all my plans!]It's like oblivion except it doesn't suck]If you dont like this game, you're a .]Skyrim is a must-have! If you're a huge fan of TES series and RPG games like I am, then don't hesitate to buy it.]This is actually good, The graphics are very nice and the HUD is very easy to understand as of the colours for Health, Stamina and Magicka. This game got me so hooked I have planned a youtube series of it and will be excited if/when I get a better computer so I can play this game on ultra and enjoy every damn moment of it. 10/10 owns all DLC]Wander the open world of Skyrim as you, the Dragonborn, use your awesome magical gift of the ancient language to: Steal cabbages, steal horses, pick pockets, pick locks, and even rob shops at night! Still be the hero as you kill off an entire empire such as the Stormcloaks or the Imperials. Hunt through the ancient ruins of Nords and fight through armies of zombies just to get bored in the end and murder everyone in Windhelm just for the hell of it.]One of the best games of this generation made better with mod and Workshop support. An excellent purchase no matter what the price.]Like Skyrim with dragons. 10/10]I have owned this game for 2 days and already clocked 24 hours. Help my soul]Skyrim offers an en epic adventure that will take you to the most memorable places around the map. The world of Skyrim is beautiful and has a really good atmosphere including an awesome soundtrack. In Skyrim you are a Dragonborn and you must stop the invasion of dragons and defeat the legendary dragon Alduin. You can customzie your character pretty well and you can defeat your enemies in many ways, ranging from seperating their heads from the rest of the body to incinerating them to nothingness.]Pros: Probably one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played! Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Cons: You don't have a real life after you play this game lol]As a person with attention deficit disorder, I generally find that ten hours is the best that I can dedicate to a game without getting bored of it. I'm well past that in skyrim and am still enjoying the gameplay.]This game is a masterpiece, want a good rpg? PLAY SKYRIM, want a good open world game? PLAY SKYRIM. In Skyrim you can do so freaking much. You can become a vampire lord, werewolf, dragonborn, king, theif, assassins, a freaking flower collector if you want. Skyrim has tons of quests you can do, each of them is fun and interesting with lots of twists and turn around every corner. Maybe the only down side to this game is its voice acting, its bland, you maybe hear 10 different voice actors in the enitre game. Other than that Skyrim is perfect. Any problem you might have with the game can be fixed with mods, you can make skyrim look like Crysis 3, graphics wise. The modding community will keep this game alive for the next 10 years, no doubt about it. I mean for god sakes a mod was released that was the size of an official dlc. Speaking about the DLC, the DLC adds tons of new items and quests, even landscapes. Well worth the 10 euro price tag. This is my all time favourite game hands down.]Warning; don't buy this game when you're about to have exams, I got mine about a week before I started them. This was the first TES game I played and I loved it. The amount of sidequests that are in it is just insane, there is almost literally one under each rock. I haven't even completed the game yet (I'm a slacker). This game is (almost) perfect in each of its aspects; sound, lore, gameplay and after getting used to the combat I really enjoyed it (it's a bit cluncky if you're not used to it). This is a must-have for each gamer!]If you are single, you will find your woman here, and build a family with her. Maybe the best game I ever played. I played things like that, like Darksiders 2, Dark Souls 2, and other great titles, but Skyrim, it's a game that you won't take 7 hours to complete it, but yes, about 30/40 hours. It's a hard game, but your friend in that mission will always help you. Let him do all the stuff for you. The secondary quests will help you grow up and evolve your skills. Also, you will find the Dragonite (Paarthurnax) that will let you find your Outrage (Fire Breath). Cheating on this game will make lose the story itself. Don't cheat. I tried on new save, and the game is not the same thing . If you are a guy that wants all Steam Achievements, this game is the right one, but try to do it by yourself first. Buy the Legendary Pack. You will get all DLC's and they are worth of their price, it increases +10 hours to your gameplay, no matter if you completed your game mainquest or if you still did not ended it. Be a Dragonborn today.]This game is great and the fun is endless. I reccomend this game to anyone who like RPG's. Its not too hard and you can use cheats for fun. I would give it a 10/10. One of my favorite games of all time. Everyone who I know who has it loves it.]As someone who has put in quite a number of hours into this game on my PC, and almost three times that much on my 360, I can confidently say that this game was worth single cent. But you're looking at it right now, aren't you? That's how you're reading my review? Stop reading my review, and buy this game. You won't regret it.]I got a mod that lets me kill children]Skyrim is one of the best games I have EVER played in my whole entire life. Right behind Star Wars Battlefront II ;). This game has soooooo many things to do on it. Just like in Oblvion or even Fallout 3/New Vegas. Perfect game! I always enjoy this game and it is so hard to find things that is bad about this game! There are a few bugs, of course, what game doesn't have bugs. The Legendary Edition contains all of the DLC that is totally worth it! None of the DLC is bad at all! Good job Bethesda :)]Definately one of the most fantastic games i have ever played, I put off buying the PC version for over a year, instead playing the Xbox 360 version every once in a while, i must say, the PC version far surpasses that of the console, what with the upped graphics and mod support, this is a must have for ANY PC gamer. The game in itself is truly amazing, you could play for days and still stumble upon some old crypt that, before then, you had no idea existed. The game is huge, and the vast ammount of user created content availlable is, beyond awe inspiring. Skyrim is a must have - the storyline, world, lore, and everything to do with it is beyond anything seen in any other game ever.]No more complaining about carrying the Dragonborn's 50+ cheese wheels]Four characters and 570 hours later...what am I doing with my life?]all i did was punch one cow and everyone wants to kill me? like come on cows are not as cool as me right? right? 420/10]One the best games I've played]One of the greatest titles of all time. Also, dragons are cool.]Oh just buy it allready. 10/10]My new hobby is to enter homes, murder everyone, and put together an elaborate crime scene to make it seem like all the food in the house came to life and massacred an entire family.]Play it, notice there's something you don't like, mod it, play it... Rinse and repeat Dear God this game is entertaining]Its just amazing. Enough said, just buy it. Do it. Now.]This is one of the best game I have ever played. The only reason I have not played it more, is beacuse of the fact it`s not 2 player, or online. If you love RPG games, get Skyrim. But the possibility that you love RPGs and have not bought skyrim yet, is very low. Recommended on the highest!]Fantastic Game. The PC allows you to push Skyrim past its limits and create a game that streches far beyond gaming console capabilities. Exuberant and Inclusive. what does that mean]wif da proppa mods dis gaem can b z best gaem that is in exestence nawmsayin]I have to say i liked some thing's about Oblivion more, it just had something that Skyrim lack's. Not really something you can discribe to someone, however this is still a great game and more then worthy of the Elder scrolls name (looks at redguard adventure). You start out as a prisoner in true ES fashion, right before you are killed by an axe a dragon destroy's the town and you are able to make your escape. From there you learn that you are "Dragonborn" a rare skin disease where you whole body grow scale's and horn's, making you the only one who can sneek up on a dragon and kill it while it is confused about what you are. All in all a great game :>]Set approximately 200 years after events which transpired in Oblivion, Skyrim invites you into a journey filled with adventure, battle, and destiny. Continuing to build upon the expansive lore and history etched by the saga, and the "open world" sandbox premise of the previous games, right away you are struck with the huge realization that you can do what you want, when you want, and how you want! Fancy being a mighty sword wielding warrior, a deadly, stealthy assassin, a mage who has mastered the arcane arts, or a combination of all? Skyrim makes this possible. Though not without flaws (bugs), the depth and scale of this game coupled with the interactive gameplay, compelling stories and quests create an enjoyable gaming experience. With beautiful graphics, stunning soundtrack, and immersive feel, Skyrim is definitely a gaming journey of epic proportions!]In my opinion this is the best game of all time. Amazing graphics, amazing story, amazing sountrack, amazing everything. I have around 800 hours on the xbox 360 version and I still want to invest time into the pc version since there is now awesome mods that increase graphics, gameplay and even the story. The open world is fun to explore but after a while it does tend to feel a little tiresome when walking for a long period of time. But thankfully there is a fast travel system that speeds up the process. You also stumble apon unscipted avents when roaming the open world such as dragon attacks and bandits. There is also AI that you meet when traveling the roads of skyrim like guard patrols and traders. This is a game you must play.]This game is probably one of the best I've played. Although my opinion is very bias with me favoring sandbox games, it's one of the most immersful. Starting out you get countless different playstyles. You can be a barbaric tank, rogue, mage, or many more. The talent trees that you get choose from to enhance your experience are very diverse and straightforward. The game in the very beginning itself is made to fit your personal style, and then you'll soon find out so are the quests. You don't need to complete all of the quests in skyrim to complete the main storyline, therefore skipping the ones you don't/ wouldn't enjoy. If you prefer the theive's approach, you might like the dark brotherhood or theives guild. Or say instead you picked a mage, you might like the college of winterhold's quests. The quests themselves are amazing. There is so much lore and storytelling behind everything. What makes it even more unique is that there are often conflicting factions. You get to play and hear both sides of the story. The only people I wouldn't recommend this game to are people who don't like straightforward combat. It may get repetative over time, but that all just depends on the player. After all, the game was meant to have a more realisitic combat style. Or if you're someone who doesn't like sandbox games, don't play it. This game has a few minor bugs and glitches (like any other game) but honestly, it doesn't matter with how well developed this game is. I'd highly recommend it to anyone.]I've only played Skyrim for about 3 hours and I can honestly say, amazing. I bought it for $5 on the Summer Sale and I'm glad I did Skyrim is mind blowing from graphics to gameplay and will always keep you on your toes. The only complaint I have is that I cant rim the skys 9/10]It's like farcry with swords]Excellent medieval style WRPG. Massive world to explore, tons of side quests, and an amazing story. I was very disappointed in Bethesda after Fallout New Vegas for all the bugs I ran into while playing it, but this game was surprisingly stable in comparison, and has renewed my faith in them to produce quality software.]I've been playing for over a month now and the game never ceases to amaze me. You can lose yourself in the world and become a part of it. There's not just one story, there are hundreds. Sure there's one driving story, but all stories together make for fantastic adventures. I'm around 90 hours in and I think I've only just grazed the surface of this epic tale. There are times where I just sat back at looked at a vista and how the sun cast shadows. If you have heart, you'll want this game. If you don't, don't worry. The game has more than enough heart for you.]ONLY IF YOU HAVE MALE REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS]I haven't actually played this game, just installed a bunch of mods for it.]Because this box wouldn't go away if ididn't recommend it]I like, not as much as Oblivion, or Morrowind. But you know, hey, it's good.]Still love this game after 3 years. Mods are amazing, kuddos to the creators of those. Careful though when installing mods, lots of conflicts can be created. Use Nexus Mod Manager for that. Also, be careful with mods that add a lot of scripts. Mine slowed down so much that buying a horse would take 15 minutes to complete haha. Still, the immense freedom this game gives you. Fast traveling is the boring way.]Vanilla Skyrim is an enjoyable experience, one most people can only stomach once. I find the the true joy comes from modding the game and using all of the community created quests and enhnacements the greatest thing you can do with any Elder Scrolls game.]My playtime was achieved in about 5 days....... steals your life. Best RPG game ever made. Cant find any negatives buy it and the dlc and let you life drain away.]The Best Rpg To Date 10/10]Its really fun to mess around with horse's and shoot arrows at spiders.Graphics not the greatest, but a lot better then fallout:NV.I still prefer the Fallout series. 8/10][Ru]     ,  , ,     - Skyrim,     . [En] Well, after all this time, right now, i can be sure. Skyrim - is the best buy ever.]I enjoy the open world feel. While usually I am not one for single player games this one actually keeps everything rather fresh and new offering all kinds of things to work on and fight. The quests though can be interesting to try and complete when you do not get detailed directions. I have had to look up some of the quests now and then because the directions given in game were not in depth enough. Regardless though it is a fun game.]300+ hours of approval Its gr8 I r8 8/8 m8.]Skyrim is an open world action/adventure game. You can climb the tallest mountains (to a certain point then you can't go any further up), swim across massive lakes, fight dragons, explore dungeons, kill anyone(some poeple just faint then get back up). Basically you are free to do whatever you want, but what you choose to do affects what will happen. Can you forge armor? Make weapons?? You bet you can! Personally I think it is one of the best games I've ever played! I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone!]This is a very fun game. There is an in debth story line, many quests, choices that change your future, one of my new favorite games. If it weren't for the M rating, I am sure many more people wolud play it. I use a blood removal mod, so it brings it down to a T rating, one that me and my younger siblings can play. Great game, 8.5/10]By far one of my favorite games. I don't even know how many times I have played through it now.]If you like open-world RPGs you gonna like Skyrim. With all those amazing mods produced by the community you just can't get enough of this game.]Best game since Morrowind!]Probably one of the best games I've ever played,]Skyrim just made Elder Scrolls gold. The game is unbelieveably amazing in every aspect especially when Bethesda made it. The Fallout Series (3, New Vegas) were the games that made the type of gameplay that they put off, hands-down my favorite. Combat in my eyes is very stratigized, Not having to rush to kill the enemy BEFORE your companion does, and not having Vats is great. Example: I had to run and jump off of things so that the enemy, which was way stronger than me, would fall back father behind me so that I can heal and gain some more magika. Also on PC, It blows the Skyrim expericence up to the roof, Its beautiful. Skyrim is where Its at if you want a new, open-world game. 110/100]Amazing,ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,stats,weps,texture,amazing journey to stop dragons from returning :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD]--------BREAKING NEWS----------- I am bringing this report from various sources stating that Bethesda Game Studios have accidently released a product that has become so addictive that people are refusing to leave their computers. Persons having used this product have reported that they only played 30 mins but have awoken to a different day altogether. Reports of 3 -4 hour warp times are common with some users experiencing what seems to be a 6 hour jump in time. It seems after use, players become severely disorientated greatly yearning for sleep. However we have confirmed reports that this product is also quite addictive with reports from players seeking to finish one more quest but then relapsing into exploring this land that people have dubbed Skyrim. Experts are warning against the overuse of this product however it seems there is no stopping people wanting to experience more of this product as supposedly people have been experiencing a high when they find about stronger equipment in this game. Indecisive people are strongly warned about its addictive nature with one expert claiming that modded with ENB and other files found in the workshop and Nexus, the potency of this product can be extremely addictive with time jumps of 24 hours. Thats all from me today, back to the studio.]Let's just say that if I were trapped on a desert island that somehow got electricity and wifi and could only have one video game to play for my entire life I would choose this one. Because it is not humanly possible to do all that there is to do in this game in one life time and you will probably never get tired of it. Just when you think you're done, you'll get sucked back in somehow. It never ends. Ever.]its a good open world sandbox game that goes with the rest of the elder scrolls lore.]Good as a game, but even better as a platform for player-made content Skyrim is a themepark. If you go knocking on the walls of Disney World, and peering behind the magic curtains, of course you'll expose it for what it is: shallow escapism. But is that so terrible? Morrowind contains the best worldbuilding, and Oblivion the most charm and charisma, so what's left for Skyrim? Fun. Yeah, the quests might not be as deep or the leveling as complex as previous titles, but that doesn't make it a bad game. You can sink hours into Skyrim without getting bored. And once you do (get bored), after a few months away you'll be back with renewed interest. Rinse and repeat; it's the circle of the Elder Scrolls. Skyrim also represents a broad platform for fans and content creators alike. When so many other companies are shying away from modding tools, Bethesda continues to support them wholeheartedly. The same tools used to make the game are available to you at the click of a button. Granted, they do take some time to master. But the limits are sky high.]Could very well be the best game I've ever played. The story is epic and the landscapes and characters are beautiful. I dont think I could ever get tired of Skyrim. 10/10.]It runs through my veins! :D]There's nothing more visualy enchanting and gameplay challenging than this epic Elder Scrolls installment. Roam through the endless land of Skyrim , participate in quests , take sides , conquer kingdoms , betray and betrayed but most of all be the one that fullfils the prophecy. Be the Dragonborn!!! The Lengendary edition is a must have , because it brings all the enhancements and the extra content that this title needed to be one of the most rewarding and challenging RPGs i've ever experienced]Absolutely stunning game. Fantastic graphics. It's not every game that you can say "I just got arrested for stealing an old woman's sweet roll."]I would recommend this game to any fan of Bethesda or Elder Scrolls games!]FUS RO DAH that is all]Realy just the best game i ever played. it look's nice it's play's nice you can play YOUR way that is what i like about this game]Bethesda did it again! A fun RPG that you will spend countless hours into, 100% worth the $60 I paid. Plus on the PC version you get so many epic mods by the many communitys of mod makers. 9.5/10 GOTY RPG 2011]I very first started with a barbaric Nord who weilded 2-handers and dawned heavy armor and completely smashed everything in sight. I next played a Redguard Conjuration Mage Thief who dual wielded conjured weapons. And now I'm an Orc Werewolf Archer who is really good at pick pocketing. There is really no end to the amount of customization this game gives you. The player has complete and full control of who and what they want their character to be. I've played through this game so many times (originally had it for 360) and I STILL find all new areas to explore. I've never had so much fun with a game. 10/10 for a game after 3 years since it's release and still holds my attention for long periods of time.]This game can be very..very..very..long if your OCD for sidequests like I am..(i dont even know if i have the main story in my quests) and worried about walking into the infinate looping sidequests. The game has a few bugs in but its nothing game breaking, its enjoyable to RPG fans and obviously to elder scrolls fans. The 1st dragon kill can be very satisifiying but after like 10 of them it just feels like a normal enemy since the random spawn is so common.]Let's be honest, best game ever made, you can't go wrong here. also modding this game makes it twice better. 10/10.]i recommend this game because its an interesting game its a well known famous game everyone seems to love this game so much i played it for 2 years or more.]I drink to my youth, to the weeks come and gone, For my hours of Skyrim are just about done. I fought off the Stormcloaks, ran Imperials through - As an Arch-Mage and werewolf and Guildmaster, too. Long live Ulfric! Or kill him or whatever. I've fought the war twice and not one side is better. I'm the hero of Skyrim; everyone's in my debt - But if I kill a chicken, they'll all want me dead. Now it's Alduin time, and I'm finally prepared, My friends have all left me, but I simply don't care. (10/10, would rhyme again)]OH what a game!!! So many choices, so many things to do. Follow the quest, run off on sidequests, or just wander aimlessly to your heart's content... It's all in there. Focus on magic, be the best mage you can be: favor destroying stuff, become a Destructionist mage and burn, freeze, zap everything in your way. Like to protect yourself, specialize in the Alteration school. There are other schools as well; something for everyone. Or, just do a little bit of everything. Doesn't matter, you can tailor your playthrough to the way you want to play it. Fancy yourself a sneaky type? Focus on stealth, put everything in powerful daggers and level up backstabbing, and nothing will stand in your way. Want to snipe enemies from the shadows? Just start putting experience into bows and enchanting and take down targets' health, stamina, or magicka level from a distance so that one or two hits from your dagger or sword will make short work of them. Find or craft you a soul-trapping weapon and you can gather an infinite supply of souls to recharge your magical bows or melee weapons to keep doing massive amounts of damage. Burly warrior or wily agile fighter... you pick. The sky's the limit as you can basically do anything or be anything you want to be. Spend hours, days, months even, just exploring. Make a career out of hunting wild animals and gathering their pelts to sell for money so you can afford your own place, so you can even get married and adopt some kids. Just wander, if you want, as there are thousands of places (towns, villages, lone cottages, caves, mines, and mills) to enjoy, interact with, take on a job just about any place. I don't see how this game could get any better or do it better so that you can enjoy playing it your way... Oh wait, there are literally thousands of mods that do just that: from hundreds of new weapons, armor types, loot, potions, poisons, capes...it's just endless. And then there are all the mods for improving the low-quality objects found in the vanilla game, texture enhancements, gameplay enhancements, crafting overhauls, hundreds of new followers, creature types... it's just incredible what you can do. I don't see how anyone could NOT like this game. It's phenomenal.]Having played over 200 hours of this B-E-A-UTIFUL game, I can safely say it is one THE BEST games I have ever played.]Amazing,ING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,stats,weps,texture,amazing journey to stop dragons from returning :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD]--------BREAKING NEWS----------- I am bringing this report from various sources stating that Bethesda Game Studios have accidently released a product that has become so addictive that people are refusing to leave their computers. Persons having used this product have reported that they only played 30 mins but have awoken to a different day altogether. Reports of 3 -4 hour warp times are common with some users experiencing what seems to be a 6 hour jump in time. It seems after use, players become severely disorientated greatly yearning for sleep. However we have confirmed reports that this product is also quite addictive with reports from players seeking to finish one more quest but then relapsing into exploring this land that people have dubbed Skyrim. Experts are warning against the overuse of this product however it seems there is no stopping people wanting to experience more of this product as supposedly people have been experiencing a high when they find about stronger equipment in this game. Indecisive people are strongly warned about its addictive nature with one expert claiming that modded with ENB and other files found in the workshop and Nexus, the potency of this product can be extremely addictive with time jumps of 24 hours. Thats all from me today, back to the studio.]This game is the epicest in my gaming history. Well the giant spiders are scary as the  for me because i have arachnophobia but i can remove them with a mod. So if you like the weapons of the medieval ages and some spells then buy it, you won't be disappointed! :D]Excellent, open world RPG. In my opinion, not as pretty as Oblivion, and far easier than Oblivion - thus more accessible. Immersive, beautiful title, play your own way. Can easily log hundreds of hours just exploring side quests. DLC are fun, though not as good as Oblivion DLC (horse armour aside!). Played extensively and completed on XBox.]I won't write long and serious text here like other "experts" ( or  if u like ). Just want to say: ORKZ IZ ROKKIN'!1 P.S. Seriously - why the  all ppl choose nords?]Amazing! I never thought a game could be this big and open. Lots of fun and I totally recommend to all my friends!]One of my most played RPG's other than Dark Souls. I've spent hours apon hours playing, moding, and just having a blast. I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's, good lore, and killing dragons.]Excellent game. Very well put together and I love killing those dragons!]i think it a very amazing game]It's a great game, I have dedicated many hours especially on Xbox i pc. It is a game which is to create your custom character i discovering landscapes in a colossal map, enemies, dungeons, in my opinion, the highlight are the missions. There are also political comflictos and battles, guilds of thieves, assassins, knights, and a big immensity of missions, I myself xbox 517 hours I could not finish. What I really like about this game is, the large number of objects that are i the freedom it gives you this role, I found no such thing in Assassins creed. The atmosphere of the streets, comversaciones on the market, this well heco. I there are beautiful landscapes, impressive i. Pity, i I consider an error of the game, is that there is online, but the story is very well cast. Another incomveniente are many physical errors, for example, sometimes a mammoth flying or is fallin from the sky. But overall it is a high quality game i being the 2011 is very well. Warning: can be very adictiovo. The fun is to play without cheats. This is my experience as a veteran i review Skyrim.]It's like oblivion got better graphics then  all over itself and tried to hide it by screaming, "DARGRONBURN." 5/5 bretty good.]Most beautiful game I have ever played. A true masterpiece. To anyone who has not played it i would highly suggest it. 10/10]Legendary Just Buy !!!]a vast world where there is always something to do. that alone gives so much play time...add mods and before you know it. your in 2024. still having fun in this game...its a MUST BUY!]I really freaking love skyrim! I love this game because it is beautiful, humorous, fun to play and simply amazing! Also, you can use the game with/without mods and you still won't get bored! I love the fact that you can create your character to be what you want them to be, make them get better at certian things. I'd reccomend this to anyone who enjoys medievil/fantasy RPG games.]The closest thing we have to a fully fledged duck simulator! Embark on the most vivid 300x300 reseloution treasure hunt you could ever imagine! Perfect for gamers who never want to lose , Skyrim offers a vast land of snow for you to have snowball fights with dragons and other foes! And for you sneaky fellows out there, Skyrim sneak realism is incredible, you will be able to live out all your dreams of being completley invisible! Boasts a gigantic cast of 3 voice actors, guiding you through this incredible tale of god versus the little lizards trying to end the world. Skyrim also takes the cake for the most snow in a video game ever! FIlled with rediculously fun quests and activities that make you say "What a terrefic game, it is not easy at all and very rewarding , also i think the sneak system is very balanced and realistic and not op, oh and the winged salamanders are challenging with fun mechanics" The vast arsenal of weapons and tools provided for the player is almost on par with bad rats, simply incredible. In conclusion IGN rated this game a 9.5/10, but i think they are wrong this game deserves a solid 10/10 and should be in every household, it has achevied classic status nearly instantly with its griping sneak mechanics , incredible stealth and flawless sneak mechanics making it the game of the year for every year. P.S The best part about the game is the fact that the blonde haired blue eyed people are incredibly racist, and sneak]You'll find yourself surrounded by crazy people, monsters and bugs. And they wont go easy on you. You can do whatever you want tho, enjoy yourself. dont try to climb a mountain, it wont work Mods are free, catch 'em all. The plot is pretty good but it's not the most important thing in this game. You are dovahkiin. Nobody has any ideas how you were born, but there you are. Now do your awkward stuff in order to kill Alduin, the world eater. (such creativity) Fun facts: You can be a thief vampire werewolf cannibal shield-brother/companion blacksmith artisan archmage imperial stormcloak assassin potato dovahkiin. Yep, you are totally AMORAL. (join multiple groups, nobody actually cares). 9/10]when i poo i think of skyrim when i do another poo i think of oblivion which one is better only you can find out warrior]Utterly beautiful graphics, vastly more content than you can shake a hundred sticks at, visceral combat, awesome dragons and absolutely worth playing. However, it's not without some significant flaws. If you're familiar with the magic system from the previous Elder Scrolls games, prepare for disappointment. The range of effects is vastly reduced (there are only three types of Destruction, for instance), and there's no spellmaking. Although you have the awesome ability to cast two spells at once (one from either hand), they completely missed the opportunity to make spell combinations. It all feels generic, dumbed-down and consoley. Though there's a million and thirty side-quests, they're pretty much all identical: go to X dungeon and kill a bunch of identical undead. The thieves' guild quest doesn't actually require you to steal things. People treat you exactly the same when you're level 1 as they do when you're master of all the guilds and wearing a dead dragon on your shoulders. Definitely get it - but be prepared to get a little jaded faster than you might have imagined.]It's pretty late to write a review for Skyrim, but here goes anyway. Skyrim is a game where you are a person/creature called the Dragonborn, and hunt down dragons. The Dragonborn can absorb the souls of dragons, killing them permanently, and using the knowledge from that soul for your own strength. You learn different "Shouts" (Powers) from ancient walls with dragon language on them. These powers are the main element of the game. As for the options, you can be a powerful mage, a mighty warrior, a sneaky thief, a skilled craftsman, an alchemist, or a mixture of everything! You can take on huge side quests, such as joining a guild of thieves or assassins, a tea party with a madman, visiting a museum, or ending the current war going on. There are several ruins to delve into, bounties to collect, cities to live in, and trolls to kill. Of course, you will need a decent computer for this to run smoothly. There are quite a few bugs, but never enough to break the immersion. Hours upon hours of gameplay, but as far as the Main Quest, is lacking. There's just not enough. But all the other things you can do, make up for it. The possibilities with this game are endless! Final score: 9.5/10]This game will damage your life socially. However it is a must have for anyone who plays video games. This game is like a LoTR game that is actually amazing and you can do whatever you want. The base game itself already has a million more and the mods add about 999999999 other things you can do. I highly recommend it. EDIT: Level 81, still have misc quests and other things to do.]Great game. Countless things to do and amazing character progression! You have the most freedom that can be offered by a free roam game!]SO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW OF THE MAJESTIC FIFTH INSTALLMENT OF BUTHESDUH'S AAA HIKING SIMULATOR SERIES WAS, "ING COMBAT QTE'S!!!!!!" WHICH STILL HOLDS TRUE. OH WELL YOU HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT I GUESS RITE? SOME GOOD THINGS HAVE BEEN PATCHED INTO THE GAME LIKE THE INFINITE DRAGONS CAN NOW FLY BACKWARDS AND ALSO THE GAME CTD'S A LOT BUT IT'S OKAY IF YOU RUN 3 SAVE + AN AUTOSAVE FILES LIKE A BRO. THE GAME WORLD IS HUGE AND THERE ARE 57,612 QUESTS (YEAH I COUNTED( BUT THERE IS NO C&C TO BE HAD YOU EITHER DO QUEST LIKE THEY SAY OR U JUST LEAVE IT IN YOUR LOG LIKE A QUITTER AND QUITTERS NEVER WIN. TBH I HAVE A LOT OF GRIPES ABOUT THIS GAME ANDF I WISH IT WERE A LOT BETTER THAN HOW IT TURNED OUT AND IT IS INCREDIBLY SHORT SIGHTED AND FRUSTRATING AT TIMES BUT YOU KNOW I STILL PLAYED IT FOR OVER 100 HOURS FINAL RATING 11/10.]Far better than Pacific Rim.]GET IT.]1 Word ...Epic!]Amazing game, amazing graphics, amazing gameplay and amazing combat - get. it. now.]Best game I have ever played. If you have money buy this. If you don't you HAVE to save some and buy.]So fare, this game is the ONLY game I have played with alot of blood in it... I'm sure I'll be changing my mind soon]Want hours apon hours of hacking, slashing, magic and betting your virginity for gallons of skooma? This is the game for you ~Skrim 4 Eva~]Lyke Farcry wth swords,]Pretty good game, haven't played it much though.]I can kill Nazeem and Heimsker, which is the obvious point of this game. 10/10.]My reaction when I first played Skyrim: Wow. Not even wow- I was speechless. I had never played a video game so immersive, complex, and interesting before. The motto of the series, "you are what you play", definitely holds true with the balanced races and playstyles. Want to play as one of the Khajiit, but don't want to deal with ridiculously pointless racial boots? Don't worry, it doesn't really affect your gameplay in the long run. A legend among RPGs, great for long-time fans of the genre, or someone completely new to RPGs. One of the best games since the N64. 10/10.]This is a great game. 7/10 It does have some bugs and glitches (can be fixed with mods) but in general, it's an awesome game. I've spent dozens of hours on this game and I can say, if you don't have the game yet, you're missing out.]I can't understand how people wouldn't want to play this game. I suppose everyone has their own tastes, but if you don't like some of the quests, or the quality of graphics, go to Steamworkshop! They have grass, water, snow, ember, fire and general foliage improvements, as well as dozens of quests and new areas, items and followers. The game in itself is stunning, and I should really play it more often. Edit- hahahahahaha it's all i play]10/10 I have no social life since I play this game.]If you're not playing Skyrim what is wrong with you?]One of my favourite games of all time. There is so much to do in this game and the mods also add so much into it making the already amazing game even better than it already is]Soo, i was walking around, happy that im the new leader of the Thiefs guild, and whaddaya know, my new employee tries to rob me. Geez, looks like they are desperate for money arent they. So i just gave him a bonus, in Daedric Arrows. 10/10]skyrim is a fun game for new pc gamer's the mod's are realy fun!!]Awesome game, huge beautiful world. Best part is all the mods out there, go explore!]It's Skyrim, why don't you have it already!?]I used to be vanilla like you then i took the Nexus mod community to the knee. 11/10]Skyrim is for sure one of the best games I have ever played everything about it is awesome and for what ever it lacks there is always a mod for that... just trust me I know]Truly beautiful game.]With Mods you can keep playing for years]do you know what you can do with workshop things in this game it's just amazing]Brothers and sisters are like natural enemies, like Imperials and Nords or Bretons and Nords or Argonians and Nords or Nords and other Nords! Damn Nords! They ruined Skyrim!]Ran my horse into a dragon, died about 2 seconds later. Still trying to get better armour than iron. 11/10]After helping return an item to someone, you can put a kettle over their head and take the item back, despite this, they still thank you for returning said item as if you never took it. 10/10]One of my favorite games of all time. The modding community is great, but the game doesn't even need it. It is a very immersive game, that doesnt restrict you on what to do when to do it. If you dont want to do a quest, you can simple ignore it. You are Dovahkiin(Dragonborn), you find that out after you fight your first dragon. The story is rather short it makes up for it in the countless hours on shenanigans and lollygagging. Your character seems unrealisticly special throughout the game. What I mean by that is you become the top of every class and yet you are still just another adventurer. The game is beautiful, and just worth your time. This game was release 11-11-11 and it still is one of the best games of the decade. The game is a must buy, even if you don't like RPG's genre. I am sure you may come out of your shell and let your inter nerd come out and become all powerful! Youre going to try to sell me something. Well, I aint interested. Olda 10/10]The best RPG of last 2 years) You must have this masterpiece)]I punched a child in the face and nobody even batted an eyelid. However, I stole a tomato and the whole city tried to kill me... 10/10]GREAT GAME! I don't understand why you have not bought this yet...]the point at which I screamed at my computer " OFF DRAGON I AM TRYING TO PICK FLOWERS," was the point at which I realised this was the best game ever.]I yelled at a cow and it died, then punched a chicken and suddenly the entire town was trying to kill me, later I rode a horse off a cliff, killing the horse and I thought myself too until I stood up and brushed the dirt from my pants. After that, I punched a moose in the balls and it died, so that was a thing. Then I fought a dragon that tokyo-drifted into the side of a cliff. Afterward, I shouted at a goat and it fell down the mountain like something out of goat simulator. All in all, 12/10 would dickpunch livestock again.]I rode a horse up a 90 degree angel. I tried to marry a vampire. I joined a cult. I did drugs. I've killed countless people. Buy the game.]Spawned in a lot of lockpicks and gold while in the middle of the room... got stuck in the room. Best game ever!!]very guud game this is, yes buy u 2 vill :3]I feel the biggest problem with this game is that the primary gameplay feature is exploration, except the world levels up as your character does. This includes the loot that you find as you adventure, so there are very few opportunities to find something interesting as you explore. There are a few locations that yield neat gear, like the Daedric shrines, but overall I find that this is one of the biggest problems with this type of RPG lately: you will always be fighting something your level and they will always drop something level appropriate. This mechanic dissolves the feeling of tension that should be part of exploring the unknown. The story arc also ramps up to epic levels too quickly, denying any feeling of having earned any prestige. I prefer the slow burn of something like Morrowind, where your humble beginnings provide context for your climb to becoming a mythical figure. I also find that there is too little diversity in the types of spells you can cast, and the melee mechanics. For a game that deals so much with swordplay, the melee feels vague and the crash of combat lacks any sense of feedback. The ragdoll physics also feel weightless; bodys are merely hollow forms with no mass that sail through the air before sliding down the rugged landscape like greased sleds. These issues often turn a serious high fantasy adventure into an unintentional comedy. I'm not saying that this is a bad game by any means, in fact I strongly recommend it. However, when I compare the story arc and game mechanics to something like Fallout 3, I feel like alot of the intelligence and pacing was replaced with instant gratification so the game would better appeal to the average joe. In closing, comparing Skyrim to Morrowind feels like comparing Dragon Age: Origins to Baldur's Gate 2. One is visually superior, but all of that visual polish can not make up for removing the features and stoytelling that provide so much richness to the experience.]Best RPG ever!!! But seriously, the story line is really good no mather what people say to try and make it sound typical but really it's unique and immersive, with so much side quest's that will keep you playing forever with an amazing modding community. The Graphic's are amazing even if you can't afford to run an enb for this huge open world game and you will never get bored with all the mod's avaible.. An action packed RPG for anyone. It is the greatest addition to The Elder Scrolls Series.]*Warning* This game will take away months off your life and destroy your social life. *Play at Own Risk* This game is one of the best single player RPGs ever created along with Oblivion and Morrowind and will offer you 5000+ hours of gameplay and community mods guarantee endless replayabilliy value. 11/10]Hey, stop looking up the dictionary for the definition of "Legendary". It's right here.]dude.....1 word DOVAHKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN no seriously buy it....like...now....and add mods....]Review This Game Yu know what why this game good cause this game can mod the mission not make me boreding buy this this is so epic !!!!]Skyrim is glorious. Yes. It is. My first character has logged almost 300 hours into the game. On my first playthrough. I have to admit that this is the first Elder Scrolls game I actually sat through from start to finish and attempted to explore every single cave, location and gather as many books as possible. I love books. A lot. They are great. My entire playthrough was livestreamed on Twitch.tv and looking back there are a lot of fond memories that I have created during my time spent in Skyrim. The storyline is enjoyable, but over too quickly. So being the type of gamer I am, I did as many side quests as I could before progressing further into the game. That way it felt like a longer journey and it wasn't over so fast. That's how I play. Skyrims visuals are standard at this day and age. Mods really do kick up the visuals and make them look beautiful, with ENB, HD retextures and added visual features which highlight the fact that it's the modding community which have made Skyrim what it is today. I played Skyrim on a vanilla playthrough but I realised I could not do without a couple of mods to fix the game in order to make it playable. (Combat music fix, skyrim script extender, Skryim User Interface i.e. SkyUI etc). Anyhow, I digress. The gameplay is very addictive, crafting is enjoyable as is upgrading weapons. Enchantment is BRILLIANT and exploration is a solid 10/10. Yes, I loved exploring Skyrim as the world offers so many new things to see. Please, buy this game. It's always on sale and definitely worth it. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim along with all of the DLC installed makes this a truly great RPG, one which you will keep coming back to play all the time :)]I have a dream... that one day I will see the ending of Skyrim.]This game. THIS GAME. Holy  after playing this I wasn't sure if I will continue to have a life. Just got all DLCs and now I'm pretty sure that's confirmed. 10/10 would lose life again (but still stuck playing the current one)]This game is utterly stunning and I am able to run it on medium with shader mods and advanced world mods when I my laptop only has 4GB ram and a duel core prossesor :D I got so caught up in the free roam and doing whatever the hell I want that I have played (At this time) 19 hrs of the game and have only just learnt fus ro (roh) so yea... Get this game :P]What can I really say that you don't already know? If you don't/ haven't owned this game yet, you should probably go jump off a cliff... in-game, once you buy this... because of my review.]Skyrim is one of the best games i have ever played. The modding community adds humour and graphics to amazing to describe.]Oh Skyrim, with your wondrous landscapes and your lovely wildlife and inhabitants. Skyrim is an excellent game with SO much to do. Become a thief, a warrior, anything you wanna be. You can do all the quests you want or go around each town and slaughter everyone. The possibilities are (relatively) endless. My only qualm about the game is the menu system in-game. It seems a little clunky at times and annoying having to scroll through heaps of items sometimes just to get one thing. Luckily there are mods out there for that, and I definitely recommend them should you feel the same way]In their toung,He is Dovahkiin,DRAGONBORN! FUS RO DAH!]I love this game! Making stuff, like you do in Minecraft, but amazing scenery & lots of quests.]I recommend this game for anyone who likes fantasy and magic. The moment I saw this game I knew I was going to like it because I have always liked Bethesda games and by far, this one was the best!!]100% replayability even after 10 years to come !! You won't bored to death rumraging across skyrim !! Massive multiple story creation with endless sidequest !! plus superb character/item creations !! +1 must have for your Library]If you like getting sucked into a game only to find that you spent the entire weekend inside then buy this game!!!]10/10, becomes flawless once you get a few mods.]fanstic game 5 out of 5]Macho man randy savage dragons. what else do you need?]An amazing game to have and I cannot wait to see what the next Elder Scrolls will be like for the next the GEN Consoles! One game will be for the record books once more!]Thank you steam for letting me buy both DLC's this morning, before the sale. Really nice of you to help me spend more money. Thanks alot...]The finest game i have ever played.]Of all the games I play.. this is the one that always has a cozy fire and a hot cup of steaming chocolate ready to welcome me back. It's the game that welcomes me with a big friendly smile and open arms. Even when I keep playing away it says, 'come on home' and gives me a nice warm hug. It must surely be the best game of all time. I don't know if I will ever finish it - but then, I don't really want to. I have it both on PS3 and here on PC. I have restarted it several times playing different characters. It has not dated at all, in no small part due to a large modding community, many HD updates and a friendly community. There must be more mods for this game than there are devious politicians. If you don't already own it you need to correct the error of your ways immediately or expect to be disciplined! You know who you are and you know you want it. Should you get the legendary edition? Look into my eyes, what do you think. Just say "Yes Miss"]You want to build a house, and never live in it. Make that Three of them!! THen buy this game!! But there's more! You'll find that every city you visit throws a house at you!!! And all you end up doing is becoming a horder!! Release your inner klepto and stash it in one of the many houses you own, and never use it again! Want to eat twenty 10 pound cheese wheels with no ill effects at once... THEN DO It my friends. This is the game for you! For you will get sucked into the world of wonder where you can do so much you wished in your life. Sleep standing?! Posh! WHO needs sleep!! You can run for weeks, and never tire!! You can become a Werewolf or Vampire... Once you destroy the Sun you never have to worry about the pesky burning feeling. FISHING!!!!!!!!!! ITs all in this game. Including that NAGGING WIFU YOU WANTED!!!!!!!!!!!! DRAGONNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]This game is amazing. It contains tons of lore and unique questlines. Also, got killed by a mudcrab. 10/10.]INCREDIBLE, but I felt that some of the main questlines could have been better, but WHO PLAYS TES GAMES FOR MAIN QUESTLINES!]I havent showered in months. 12/10]Amazing game. Liked it so much, I bought it on here after playing it on PS3 and have modded the snot out of it. Highly reccomended.]Best RPG in my opinion. Large range of modifications from new player homes to better graphics. The original game however is still beautiful, fun and huge open world with dragons, thieves, giants and even seals. Storyline is perfect and can be very cheap when on special. DLC worth having a look at when on special. Large variety of weapons, clothing, enemies, NPC's and locations. Quests are plentiful and trading cards and achievments exist as well. 9.8/10]Skyrim is an AMAZING game. I've put 109 hours into this masterpiece and do not regret it. The story is a bit short IMO but the side missions and the open world bring you a whole lot of stuff to do. Run up mountains. Enter dungeons / Caves. Ride a horse. Kill a dragon. Buy a house. Get married. etc. And btw, 10/10 for using consolecommands and changing my name into Jesus and flying up to the skies. EDIT: Played a bit of Skyrim last night, went on a horse. And had the power to fly...Incredible 11/10]Love it 10/10 !]This game is awesome!]wow what a amazing game i mean it's like so cool and flashy like a man waveing a gun in ur face and like if u move i will blow ur brains out so yer as i was saying its so cool because it's so reolistic because u shout a people and they go oh no! then a thing comes out of ur mouth and it makes them go flying i mean i can do that also i can fly any geting back to the point AAAA! OMG there's a talking crow in my room AAAAA! run, run for the hills. Hey wait ru still reading? most people get bord by now and then play skyrim and go oh look at me i have dadric armor lalala! oh yer reading all this is a mistake because i have no opinion so lol u just wasted a min of ur life reading this crap!]Truly an amazing game. If you a fan of fantasy this is a must play. ALso with the amount of mods available you make this our own.]One of the few games you spend 200 hours on to complete only then to decide to start again whilst looking forward to it. Ive now completed (and brought it with all the DLC) on PS3 (Twice), Xbox360 and most recently PC (Total usage on all platforms over 1000 hours) and still believe its money well spent. Cant wait for the next installment]This game redefines masterpiece. I keep typing and backspacing because I am at a loss for words, because trying to describe this game makes me think about how amazing this game is, and I can't think of what to say. Yep. It's the game of my dreams. The ultimate roleplay experience. Pretty much everything I could wish for in a game. Never a roleplaying game so very long-lasting. Whether you play as a badass, or a simple person existing in the world... you'll still feel awesome. Replayability value is extreeeeeeeemely high. Never a game so beautiful and IMMERSIVE in every way possible too. I always turn the volume way up. I cried even on the main menu because it was so amazing and the music and the awesome. There is not a more amazing game series than the Elder Scrolls. I have played the first four TES games, and this game just sent my fanboy heart and turned it into a Viking.]Most Epic game of all time ! Use the mods :D]Skyrim is an amazing game where you can be the dragonborn, cast shouts, do magic, and defeat the neverending waves of evil in the land of Skyrim. You can do outstanding things like dying repeatedly, sitting in your desk chair for hours trying to farm your smithing skill, killing innocent people, and if you have mods, killing children, and fapping to naked women! What else could you want from an amazing RPG game where you're the ultimate badass *to an extent*? 10/10 It was ok]"Like Far Cry 3 without guns." -ign]If you like questing in a fantasy world and don't own this game you might be insane. Say whatever you like about simplified mechanics and action combat, Skyrim takes you to a world like few games do and is fun from begining to end.]Skyrim is one of my favorite RPG's of all time. You play as a speacial Hero known as the "DragonBorn" meaning you have the blood of dragons within you, and you can use the speacial words of power. As you adventure through the massive land of Skyrm, fighting monsters, bandits and Lengandary Dragons, you learn more about the land and its dark and instresting secrets and story. This game is worth any price.]you can eat bees.]Got to live out my fantasy of being a lizard 11/10]Perfect! The most epic world of last gen... And one of the best RPG-worlds ever made... not for people with little time!]Decapitated a Dark Elf with a child's Wooden Sword. 11/10 would murder with a toy again.]hmm Khajiit thinks Obilvion was better............. Anyhow Skyrim is still a great game plus a great modding community. Compared to the previous 2 games Skyrim is a little lacking in quest writing, varienty in enemies, bright vibrant colour scheeme is gone. I prefer the leveling system of say Fallout or Oblivion more but there is nothing wrong with it works well. The main quest is alright was never really that excited about any of the quests in it though and that brings me to my next point. Many quests are dull in this game usually go get this or go kill that same with most other rpgs but there are no variety in eneimes to go kill or items you go get and the diolauge makes me not even want to help these people. The diolauge in this game is something to be desired you will find that most people are  in Skyrim. Most conversations and quest givers other than the main quest or faction quests are just dull, and leave me not wanting to help these people except for the reward. In comparison to Oblivion where I accually wanted to help these quest givers out because the diolauge was written like they needed the help badly in some cases. The items you go get are usually just the same model of sword or weapon already in the game like iron, or steel etc. just with a different name. The faction quests are pretty good wish they were longer and more drawn out. Joining the Companions and being harbrindger one week later seems kind of unrealstic and breaks the immersion I tad bit. A better system would be like Oblvions where you had 2 quest givers in different cities and you had to wait sometime inbetween a quest for both of them and a larger quest from someone higher up in the guild. The civil war questline is meh. Its fun for maybe the first seige but its the same thing over and over again go take this fort. and after it is over does not really change anything except jarls. A joinable thalmor faction could be really fun (as Khajiit and High Elves are my two favorite races I like the Thalmor) but both factions play the exact same and its the same fort taking mission over and over again not that great. Dragons! The most wanted feature in a TES game well they are cool at first. They will quickly become a nusince as you progress and beat the mainquest. When you beat the main quest dragon spawns are at their highest spawning. People who walk everywhere will quickly start to fast travel as stopping every 5 minutes to fight the same dragon battle over and over again. Dragon battles provide little diversity in between dragons except how stong they are or if they breathe fire or ice. but they all behave the same. I eventually just downloaded passive dragons mod and only faught the dragons I wanted to/had to. Level Design is better in most areas I did not find that the cities to be that fun to explore but thats manly because poeple are dull to talk to. The cities look very good and are fine even if some are rather small. In caves and other dungeons the alternate exits usually hidden but not hard to find are nice to save from backtracking. The caves are sort of linear not going to aruge that its bad the ones in prvious games were also pretty linear. Dwemer ruins are not linear however, they are massive and easy to get lost in I know I have and as the level map leaves something to be desired It is sometimes easy to get lost. Combat is the concept of all all Modern TES games hack and slash. My only issue with combat is that it is easy. I hardly ever died on my first playthrough on normal its just not hard. I know play on Master with a more hardcore combat mod and that provides an adquit challenge in some parts. On the plus side combat is a lot more balanced for the user if you want to be an all caster or mage guy you can do it if you want to be an archer you can in skyrim. In oblvion do to what I think was a more difficult game It was hard to just be a mage or an archer. none of my only magic classes ever worked out as they are just to weak when eneimes get close. Archer can work later on when stealth is up there in level. In skyrim I found that magic is more excesible for most spells. Spells are lacking though there is not near close to amount of spells in skyrim as there was in oblivion (not that you could cast many of these spells) and morrowind. which is sad but they were not really needed. Stealth is just as overpowered as Oblvion haha. When your stealh gets past 50 you will hardly ever have to fight again if you so choose. In my opinion stealth should be more realistic with higher damage done to enimies but if you shoot someone they should always be on alert and be actvily looking for you, since their buddy just got shot they are not going to say must have been hearing things and get back to their normal activites. I get that this is not a stealth game it was just a suggestion to make stealth more interesting and challenging. Leveling. Leveling is streamlined in skyirm. you no longer have skills like willpower strength endurance, and the others from oblvion. Instead you have health staimnia or magicka.kind of dummed down but it works. Than you have your skills like one handed, two handed, archery, light armour, heavy armour, stealth, crafting, enchanting and there is more. every time you level you get one point to spend in any of these trees to unlock new ablities. The problem with this system is that some skill trees are just useless. I have never put a point in enchanting, pickpocketing, whatever that persuaion speechcraft one is. There is just no use since I have never enchanted an item in skyrim in all my hours of playnig it. Enchanting could be usefull if combined with spellcrafting. Spellcrafting is gone from oblivion. Spellcrafting wasnt very usefll except for creating spells that do nothing to power level your charaters magic ablities. But it was fun and a good feature to try to find the right combination of spell the problem with it in oblivion was soul gem limitation though. With skyrims better magic system or more powerfull magic system that feature could have shined. I am still mixed on the magic takes hands to use for mage charaters I do not have a problem with it but you have to hotkey your shield or the spell so you can go back to blocking if you say were healing yourself, which is a little inconvientient on the difficulty I play on but it works amazingly for casting spells the dual wielding spells is just fun and the fact that it makes the spell even more powerfull or combining two spells is a really great feautre. DLC The DLC expansions are great they both offer more weapons and armour, quests, and more eneimes to slay. Hearthfire is a little lacking but for the price it sales at its not bad. Its cool building your house ingame but as have used the Construction set to build houses or castles before It is not needed for me. Otherwise good DLC in the way DLC should be released as expansions that add alot of good content not tiny little packs of say a weapon set. In summery the lesser diolauge, poor quest writing, less varitey, and other minor gripes makes in my opinion Oblivion to be the better game. in my opinion enviroments look better in Oblivion while not high texture the bright and vibrant colours makes Oblivion just more fun for me to explore. While not game breaking to skyrim the dark colour scheme that many games today are adopting is just dull with a greyish tint. Sure mods fix this but this was a review or vanilla game. Skyrim is still a good game with 300 plus hours I still have not done everything the game and the DLCs have to offer. And with close 170 mods installed it adds even more content for me to enjoy and for everyone to enjoy. really big thanks to bethesda for continuing the excelent mod support. The construction set is great and easy to use, and I thank you for that. 9/10]Skyrim, there, that's more than what you need it, grab it, now. Really, why haven't purchased it? Do it! Really bro! Do it! Really, do. it.]IT IS FUN]I can't even count how many hours I spent on just vanilla one on my xbox and then I made the greatest decision to buy it on Steam like I should have in the first place and with mods it is all completely new again. And the DLC adds a lot of content. 10/10 would ruin social life again]A modern classic. If you enjoy RPG's at all you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.]Phenominal RPG game that takes on a whole new look at the Elder Scroll series. Out of ten, this game should receive a 9.9.]Epic gameplay and highly addictive... 10/10! :D]The Best Game that i have bought from the steam store! The graphics are just stunning and the gameplay experience was over my expectations!!!! To the people that are thinking of buying this game...GET IT NOW! :D Good Luck]I love this game. Its simple beauty lies in the amount of control the player has over how they play. Skyrim is a different game for each person, whether you like to play as a mage, a warrior, or a thief. With seemingly never-ending quests and objectives, you'll never grow bored of this game, because even if you can't find anything more to do, creating a new character creates an entirely new game and a new series of adventures. Trust me when I say it's really hard to get tired of this game. To top it off, the graphics are amazing, and Bethesda's new engine is gentle even to some underpowered systems. I can't recommend this game enough.]In total i have played 181 hours on the pc and a good 250 on console and if theres one thing i learned from 300+ hours of gameplay...It was probably the best 300 hours of time i ever wasted...that is until elder scrolls 6, I mean....I DIDNT SPOIL ANYTHING. NOTICE: all who have read this review are to be terminated under athority of bethesda code of conduct and are to be terminated by bethesda agents within the next 48 hours, and yes they have black suits sunglasses and an earpiece, and yes they will kick your door down like the bosses they are]Your life means nothing until you play this.]Like Far Cry 3 with swords]I, as a dragonborn, cannot waste my time to write this  review. I gotta go to kill those dragons and honor my guild!]Lot of mods with fetish armor ^^]Awesome game, it has lots of quests. It's very interesting and exciting and have nice music.]One of the best games ever!!!!]This game is so epic i can do whatever i want to do]"An Introduction to RPGs" Thinking of getting into RPGs? This is it. If it's on sale, I strongly suggest you buy it. It's so addicting that it will take you a long time until you have nothing left to do, and even then you can just download mods and additional content for this game. The spending/hour ratio is incredibly good. Only criticism is the amount of bugs. Make sure you have bug cancelling mods before playing extensive hours of this game.]Probably one of my favorite games EVER. It's open world, full of magic, fights, dragons and it's beautiful! A lot of choices of who you want to be, gender and free to do what you want...if you can deal with the consequences of your choices, of course! The soundtrack makes everything even better!]This game is alot like pokemon. You make your way to a city and after a series of trials you are awared Lydia, your first follower. You can level up and get armor for your Lydia and let it fight other people. You can also trade your Lydia for another follower with diffferent skills. Lydia herself has no skills except almost getting killed several times a quest making her a good distraction. Adopt a lydia today and she comes with a free set of gear tand ons of room to carry around the crap you want to keep but don't want to have in your inventory.]Skyrim does a very good job of giving you a huge world to explore, unfortunately the scale might be its greatest downside as well. It feels like not enough butter spread over too much bread. There are little to no memorable characters besides dragons and there are very few genuinely interesting quests to partake in. In my 81 hours spent wandering the lands of Skyrim, no particular moment truly stands out to me. I find this to be rather disappointing after playing Oblivion... I'll never forget my skooma escapades or my quests for the Madgod, but my memories of yelling at some wrinkly old men on top of a mountain are already fading.]Elder Scrolls V Skyrim is by far one of the best games i've ever played. This game is well rounded, well wrighten and the game play is the best of any elder scrolls game.]So what i can tell about BESTGAMEEVERIMPOSABLEANDPERFECTDRAGONSKNIFSKINGSBLOODINGALDUINANDTITIS! i thing thats all :DDDDDDDDDDDDDD 99\10]It's ing skyrim. 100/100]I'll never see the sun untill i finish this game...]It's Skyrim. You should know if you want it or not.]One of the best games I've ever played !!]very good, great gameplay, great graphics and extremely good background music!]LEGENDS NEVER DIE UNLESS THEY CHOOSE TO]Mod it and it will look like its a next-gen game. Same goes to Fallout: NV.]This game is awesome. It has endless gameplay and mods just make it even more endless. I would highly recommend to anyone. Worth every cent.]Skyrim may be the game with most glitches that bethesda has done but that doesn't remove it's beauty and memorable enviroment. My likings of this game wasn't because of the main story nor the sidequests. I like it because it gives you the opportunity to choose whatever you want to be and do. Morrowind did the same and oblivion but they didn't have that detailed enviroment that i crave. Nostalgic elder scrolls gamers hate skyrim because it is light for the gamer and remains easy, i find it easy aswell even on higher difficulties. But let's not forget that you want to have power in a world like this and you want to rule. If you reach level 20 ingame then you are all set for kings road in skyrim. The game offers alot of quests which can give you up to 100+ gameplay depending on how fast you are going through them, of course that's just quest hours aswell. When i play i like to run around and discover the world blindly. I have played through the game 2 times and now i am on my third walkthrough. I have tried going Mage and Warrior and now i am focusing Archery (which is extremely good) and every walkthrough has been an adventure even though i have seen it all before. I have approximately 190+ hours on the game. If you want that beauty and peace in a game then you should get skyrim, it will rock your world! If you are an oldschool gamer that likes challenge and hard work to get things done i recommend Morrowind/Oblivion. Although i didn't find Oblivion that challenging it's definately more challenging than Skyrim and it also has the best dlc ever created (According to myself) "Shivering Isles" where you get to met the prince of madness, Sheogorath! Of course i recommend all 3 games if you are a variety gamer but mostly Oblivion and Skyrim since i am a relaxed gamer that doesn't wanna do too much in order to get my reputation in a game. ;) Hope this review can help you on your purchase! Have a good day.]If u want a game with great graphics, Intense Story telling if you choose too, a massive amount of side quests, slay massive monsters or cause trouble among castles, a character completely unique, and a massive open world map for you, then this is the game :)]very fun open world rpg tons of quests! you will have so much fun playing time will just fly by with all mods out on the workshop and skyrim nexus you can change so much you will never get bored ;)]The Elder Scrolss V: Skyrim......oh boy....This here ladies and gents, is the game you buy and play if you want to lock yourself up in a room for 267 hours worth of you life dedicated to doing all the crap in this fantasticly fantasmic world of Elves and Orcs and intelligent walking dinosaurs. Skyrim is big. REALLY...big. And that's not just accounting for the world map I'm talking about the quests, weapons, skills, MODS (very important btw. Once you use mods you can never go back to vanilla skyrim again.), and pretty much everything the game has to offer is downright amazing. But I do have a few nickpicks. Don't get me wrong though reader of my little review here, Skyrim is my favorite in the series of The Elder Scrolls, but that might be because it's the only ES I have ever played in my life O_o anyway, the game does suffer from some things here and there. The modloader is great in all, but the MAJOR problem I have with it is that it doesn't tell you what mods are conflicting or not, so you'll be playing the game and it just closes for no reason. If there's a setting that you can adjust so you can see the conflicting mods then plz send me a PM and regard my last statement as irrelevent. Skyrim also suffers from an extreme amount of what I like to call "Grey effect." What does this mean? It means Skyrim looks very bland and washed out. Nothing really stands out unless you use mods like Increased saturation boost or Increased contrast boost and other types of shader mods. Another thing I have a nick pick with is that fact that at the end of the game, the cool armor you once wore like Nightingale, Shroud armor, Thiefs guild, etc. become incredibly inferior to the dragon versions. IMHO I really don't like the look of the dragon armors. They give myself of a sense of character. It makes my interesting dragonborn not so interesting. The last topic I have to cover is mages. I...HATE....MAGES.......Pretty much one hit kills once you reach level 28 and above if you don't have like level 80 enchanting so you can have resistances. They are broken. And the player version of a mage is just not worth it. It's just not worth it. But it does add a bit of challenge fun here and there. That's my review! Hope you enjoyed it! I definitley recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of open world games and RPG's. Peace-]I have never loved a game or played a game as much as Skyrim. It is by far the best game that has ever been made and will give you an almost endless amount of content and fun.]This game has like 500+ hours to play. A giant Open World and a feeling, that reminds me of "Lord of the Rings" makes this game to one of the best at its genre.]I am Jesus. Buy this game.]AWESOME game one of the most fun ive played, also it is chalenging i know i spelled that wrong but ime to lazy to research it. when you first enter this spectacular RPG you think I AM GOING TO HAV SO MUCH FUN PLAYING THIS GAME and your right,it is over all the best game ive played, ps you realy haf to pay atenchen to diolect. i ame sory for miss spelled words.]You can haz sweetroll]I have used up 30% of my life on this game]Just one thing: open world game with IN HORSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCORE: 97/100]I Believe that the Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is one of the best games I've ever played. This game has An unlimited amount of detail, fun, and story. Even more counting the DLC and the Steam Workshop. This game can easily top many games that will be made in the future that are "supposedly" more advanced. Whenever a new open world RPG is released they just do the same thing that Skyrim does but with less detail. I hope the next sequels of the Elder Scrolls franchise will maintain the Fantastic feel as the one you get playin Skyrim.]I'm sure you know why I'm recommending this]Well, first of all this is a review, meaning it's my personal, subjective opinion of this game. So please keep that in mind before attempting to make a negative comment with bad language. Thanks. Second to mention, this game is absolutely overrated and overhyped. The Good: - Even on my not-so-leet-machine this game runs pretty good and solid. Only crashed twice in 50+ hours of gameplay. - The game itself, which will serve an insane amount of play hours. - The amount of details (books to read) and things to discover is insane. - The replayability. Dozens, if not hundreds or more combinations to build your character. - For any price below 15 Euro it's worth every penny. - The voice acting and overall presentation is superb. The Bad: - Game seems sometimes a bit unpolished and clunky. But only sometimes. I play with the help of the UESP Wiki which states that a lot of quest can be stuck because of bugs. I personally haven't encountered so far any of those, though. The Ugly and the things that kinda ruins it: - Your actions in Skyrim don't seem to affect anything in any way. No matter what fraction you choose, you'll end up doing all the quests (more to that in the following point), get mediocre equipment and that's it. I hoped to be (in the end) an overpowered thief / assassin after completing the quests from the Thieves' Guild and The Dark Brotherhood? Nada. You don't even get great equipment or stuff. You even can join fractions which are hostile to each other and nobody seems to bother. Killing everything or doing anything, nothing seems to change. RPG? No, more like a game with endless possibilites, only that nothing matters. - The quests are very repetitive and purposely serve to to prolong gameplay time. You always have to (for example) find a item at the complete other side of the map and your actions are not connected, meaning your actions in Skyrim don't matter. And the quests are absolutely dull; for example to get a final achievement for the Thieves Guild, you have to do 125 (!) quests and every single one of them is the same. Steal a thing, place a stolen thing, change numbers in a book. After stealing 20 times in a row the same object you kinda loose it (no pun intended). - The leveling system is WAY to prolonged. I don't mind spending a lot of hours in a game, especially a RPG, but come on, one has to spent a whole eternity to actually become a badass character in even one skill. By the time you're (for example) a 100 level Marskman you've already finished all the fractions you're interested in. - The necessity of mods. I don't know WHAT stuff the developers smoked during testing, but the interface of this game is probably the definitively worst I have ever encountered. Even after installing the mod SkyUI its HORRIBLE and slow as hell. Absolutely horrible. Like I mentioned in the beginning, this game is completely overhyped and overrated in every aspect. In conclusion this game tries to have and be anything, but isn't. It's like jack of all trades, master of none. Still, if you have 15 bucks left, buy it.]There's not a game I'd rather play until I die than Skyrim... It's simply glorious]It's Skyrim. Why wouldn't you get it?!? You can make it into whatever game you want with mods. The only reason not to get it is if you do not have some free time to spend in Tamriel, cause you will be there a while.]How does one review a game that never ends? Gameplay wise, the game is tightly designed, and very effective. but it is not perfect. The plotlines are hit or miss. There are some real gems in characters here. You have the Jarls, each of which is well developed. The guild heads are just as well(if not better.) However some characters are simply dull or annoying. by the aforementioned information, you may think this a mediocre RPG. oh, you could not be more wrong. When you enter the game, you enter a new world. This game is truly an accomplishment in Open-World storytelling. the different reigons of the Province all feel different, from Swampy Hjallmarch to the colorful forests of the reach. The game presents you with an intersting world to explore, with interesting dynamics with regards to the Imperial-leaning western reigon and the Nordic-Leaning Eastern reigon. to give you an example, we can look at whiterun, the center of the game's action in it's main questline. you have a king who can't decide which side of a war to join, but who wants to do right by his people, you have an aspiring shopkeeper, a landowner who needs an axe to the skull, a shopkeeper who only wants to care for her daughter, two brothers running a Tavern and a shop, a healer, a evangelical preacher of an illegal religon, a smith who wants to prove herself, and others. These characters have personality. It is a step up from Oblivion's inconsequential NPCs. The game looks great, and has its own artistic style which works well. As other reviewers have said, the open world is perfectly crafted, down to the troll who killed your horse. It is not a perfect game, the civil war and dragon questlines are lackluster, and the magic system is lacking a large selection of spells and any intersting flavor. The combat can be clunky at times. Is the game good? Yes. Is it the messianic game? no. Should you buy it? yes. Oh, and also, mod the hell out of this game.]Skyrim is a great game for anyone who enjoys fantasy RPGs. With a huge, open world containing hundreds of locations, Skyrim offers hundreds of hours of gameplay to dedicated players, who can choose how to explore the world as they develop a character to match their playstyle using any combination of the game's diverse skill trees. With a decent storyline, good RPG gameplay, and a lot of customization, there isn't a lot to coml=plain about in Skyrim. Of course, for those who do find something to complain about, the Steam Workshop has plenty of user-created mods that can change almost any aspect of the game.]I love Skyrim, it is one of the main reasons I transitioned to PC. It runs so much smoother, cleaner, and there is just so much more to do. There is so much more detail than 360 can make. My eyes were burnt by the detail. My eyes are not conditioned to graphics like you can get in skyrim. The storyline is awesome, especially if you either know or learn about the lore. I can literally play non stop for a day, maybe two. Sleep, then wanna come back to immerse again. Probably one of, if not my favorite game. I've put in more than 300 hours of gameplay on the 360, I'm betting between mods, easter eggs, and discovering new stuff or stuff I missed I'll exceed that now. I would highly recomend this game to anyone with similar interests. The controller compatability is making the transition to PC alot easier too.]If you like Chivalry, then you should like this. Skyrim takes place in the fantasy world of, well, Skyrim. You can customize you character and have specific skills, like alchemy (you can make potions) or theft (Pickpocketing, sneaking, lockpicking). There is a engrossing story with life-like characters and many armor and weapons for you to customize. Although you can make one mess up that can have a big impact that will make you want/have to make a new game, but other than that this is a very good choice for something to buy. I give this game a 4.5/5]It's honestly hard to describe how amazing this game is. From the moment you end the first mission you are given the freedom to go anywhere and do anything. Want to go and fight in a civil war? Want to fell dragons in epic (possibly an overstatement) battles? Want to spawn a thousand wheels of cheese in someone's bedroom and watch as they blankly stare at you while they wade through an ocean of dairy products to their bed? You can do all of this and more in Skyrim. Combined with the epic landscape, immersive gameplay and fantastic attention to detail Bethesda studios pay to their games, it's hard to overstate how much I love this game. 10/10]Get. It. Now. Go.]One of the best role playing games I have ever played. This game should be owned by if not wanted by everyone.]Doing this for the bages plus great game xD]Always been a big fan of RPGs, and finally I managed to buy it with the steam summer sales! Was worth every cent, and as good as my friends said it was. Literally, cannot stop playing!!!!]Mods make everything more fun :P]Possibly the most time consuming game I have ever played, and that isn't a bad thing :D]gr8 game m8 8/8 so gr8 dont w8 this gam 8nt no 8 so f8]This is an awesome game, lots to do and so much many hours of enjoyment. Dragon fighting is the best and crafting your armor when you get the materials is equally fun. If you picked this up durring any of the Steam sales you won't be disapointed. This game is worth the money and time.]Puting mods on this game make it even awesomer to play.]A game with literally no end! Even after almost 3 years People still play it like it came out yesterday. 10/10]Much Gud. Very Not Suck. Such Reccomendation. Bui tis gem.]More fun than a barrel of... anything really.]Addictive, engaging, a depth that will rarely be rivaled. Skyrim delivers a journey unlike most found in modern RPGs, an ability to go where you want, when you want, and more importantly *how* you want. With modding at the forefront of the game, it retains a freshness that stays long after others have fallen by the wayside. Spend time with Skyrim, and you'll find out what everyone else has so far: there's not enough time for both Skyrim and other responsibilities. But those other responsibilities can wait a few more minutes.]Within an hour of starting Skyrim, I'd decided this was the pinnacle of the Elder Scrolls series; 144 hours in, I'm not so sure anymore. There are diminishing returns in the game as the quests become sparse and your character becomes an unkillable god that can strike enemies down with a single blow. Morrowind for all its flaws felt so much larger and more open somehow. Maybe I'm just older or maybe all the locations and journal entries and achievements aren't quite the same as being forced to roam a giant world and make your way with no knowledge of what was to come or what was left. Regardless, it's still one of the greatest games of all-time and I don't think anyone will consider their time wasted after they wander the hills and mountains of Skyrim.]I recommend this game.]One of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I have had. The base game is amazing enough, though the main quest is rather short and gets less exciting every time you start a new game. The DLC's add quite a bit of gameplay and new content, and don't forget about the tens of thousands of mods to choose from to further enhance the game. It removes many of the spells that were in Morrowind and Oblivion, but replaces them with new powers and "Shouts". There is no Acrobatics skill, so jumping height is very limited, but replaces it with a sprinting function. Many things are missing from previous title's character development, but there are mods to remedy this. After many hours of playing Skyrim, you'll learn that many of the game's wondrous encounters, NPC's, and environments (towns, cities, dungeons, etc.) start to taste a bit sour, and get repetitive and boring. But with mods in tow, you'll never have a bad experience while playing this game. Skyrim is an amazing game, but loses much of it's robust taste with every play-through, and soon becomes saccharine. But with the 30,000+ mods available to you, and the Official DLC's, this game will never get old, or lose any of it's grizzly wonderfulness that you experience the first time around. All-in-all, Skyrim (with lots of mods installed) is a must buy for any lover of this game style. Highly recommended, and worth every penny.]this game is "hands down" the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!]Excellent game with many thing to do. Besides main story line there are many beautiful side stories. In game you can perform quests, collect weapons armors and other things, and finally try mods from other players. I spent many hours playing this game and all was full of quality fun.]Love the game, fun storyline! :D]This is the best game that I've played yet. It takes you back to medieval times, when people fight using swords and not guns. The main story is about dragons who got resurrected and they want to conquer Skyrim. Many people asked "Can you beat this game?" You can't. Only the main story takes 1-2 weeks to complete, and there're TONS of side quests available. This game too can be dangerously addictive. The soundtrack is amazing, the graphics are great and even low end PC's can play the game. If you're bored, try installing mods. It will cure your boredom and there are plenty of awesome & crazy mods out there. I would really recommend it, 10/10!]One of my favorite games, if not my favorite. You can do anything in this game, and it's story aswell as playabilty is phenomanal. If you've never played Skyrim, you have not lived.]32 hours in, yet to kill my first dragon, and I think I'm just about ready to start the game proper. Content rich much?]Open-world enormous scale Action RPG with immersive gamplay and modding.]Probably one of the weaker 3D Elderscrolls games, though I didn't get to play Oblivion enough to compare it to that. It's not bad, just not as good as Morrowind, and Oblivion felt a little better. I'd give it a go if you can get it for $7.50 on a daily deal in one of the larger steam sales. I'd also recommend modding it, as it makes th experience better.]its amazing expecially the danguard dlc]No review required... PLAY IT NOW, and ALL questions will be answered.]its good]Skyrim is an absolutely outstanding RPG. I'm 166 hours in and still haven't beaten it because I keep getting distracted by all of the side quests, caves, and dungeons. It's even better once you start modding it and adding things like even higher resolution textures and more dramatic, dynamic weather.]It's like real medieval Norway but with dragons!]This game is just phenomenal, have great story and surrounding and so many things you can do either in questing or in the world of skyrim. This game is must buy for every single RPG fan.]Thanks to the modding community, I'm nowhere close to being tired of this game.]Absoluteley outstanding!]So I have owned this a while but finally have taken the time to sink into it (nothing like waiting a few years right) and let me say, I am loving it. I think it does have some hit or miss marks in the skills as opposed to class/ex[erience rpg system but I do love this game. Buy it, buy it all!!!]If you need a review to tell you to get this game, this is it. I started on xbox then moved to PC. Skyrim is, well, too much awesome to put in words. It is a masterpiece on its own, and one continually in the making. The reason I say it is continually, is the modding community. The modding community has added so much replay value to an already amazing game. For example, the Unofficial Skyrim patch is a community effort to make all of the official Skyrim and DLC bug-free, and it has fixed tens of thousands of things. Not to mention all the mod choices out there. You can have ones that change gameplay, add spells, armour, weapons, houses, add entirely new stories and quest lines, make the game 4x the quality of the HD DLC, or help you run it on an older machine. There are simply too many to mention here, but if you are looking for something, chances are there is already a mod out there for it. As for DLC, they are all excellent. I recommend them all, but I especially have a love for Dawnguard. Probably because it was the first I owned.]Fus Ro Da! This is the best game i have ever played! Thousands of times better than any large scale MMORPG such as World of Warcraft...The only thing this game is missing is a multiplayer system and this game is a perfect unbeatable one! Hopefully when The Elder Scrolls Online comes out...My hopes will come true...]A great game, but you don't need Vino to tell you that. Come on, dude. What are you doing reading my review of Skyrim? Go out and do something with your life. Or play Skyrim. That's what I'm doing.]It was worth all the money, I love what this game offers. Each mission contains a mystery, surprise and a perfect history from my point of view.I like how thieves get out of the bushes and try to steal your money,you won't see it,might scare sometimes and a lot more to love abouth this game,I write here, but it would mean a lot to read.You would not find a game like this for a while.Show if you like RPG,try Skyrim best of his kind.]amazing defintily worth it]Great Game 5 Stars, kept me busy for a long time.]dargons and  yo]Learn powerful shouts. Shout in everything's face. Blast them away. Pickpocket people, shout in their faces, they don't mind. Dragon attacks you, shout in it's face, ride it. You hate an ugly thing, shout in it's face, it dies. You wanna see something fly, shout in it's face, see them fly. Shouts for everything. Also nice-looking armor ftw and good graphics, but very buggy.]The most finest entry in the Elder Scrolls series. The mods are very very fun to  around with. I'd highly reccomend this game to any Elder Scrolls or RPG fan, but admit you bought it already.]This game is so good that whilst playing it I prolapsed:-)]You could play this game for 100s of hours and still have stuff to do (game is pretty much infinite with mods) definitley one of my favorite games]Can't believe I still haven't recommended it. It is not Morrowind, you are not going to draw your own map, write your own little guidebook, get lost, but you are going to have a lot of fun with it. Unlimited ammount of mods speak for itself. Skyrim still has over 50k different players a day on steam. That is probably highest number of singleplayer game played at this very moment. Unbeaten for 2 years straight no other single player game from 2006+ can compare, noone will prove me wrong, especially not Bio-Finished it in 10 hours and uninstalled-shock Infinite which couldn't even beat Skyrim on release day.]They've taken the series to a new high. The only gripe is the menu system is touchy at times, clearly made for consoles. However, that said, it's fantastic. Things that worked for them in Fallout 3 have made their way over and the game we know and love is back bigger, badder, and full of dragons.]What more needs to be said. It's Elder Scrolls.]HOLY  MY  FELL OFF 9/10-IGN]I just have three litlle words about this game " Buy this game" thats really all I have to say about the game]Okkkk cant believe that I didnt alredy made recomend to play for Skyrim... I mean it is darn Elder Scrolls game.... IF you like RPG and IF you like felling to have shivers down your back when you get dragon down, game gives you total freedom to do what you wanna do... and to approach quests way you like (you can convince a fella to stop stealing from the girl, or you can kill him... orrr you can kill the girl and rob her of all her gold) choice is yours.. question is which choice you will make???]Provides hours of fun! Great game alone or with workshop mods!]My personal game of 2011 - An absolute blissful experience, now I can experience it on PC with a plethora of mods. I even wrote a few words about it once upon a time... just google: half hearted gamer a tale about a fox]Skyrim is a great game with excellent graphics and story mode, despite all of its wonderful glitches it is still a very easy and smooth game to roleplay.]this game is so addictive if playing with mods!!! mod make me wanna play again,again and again. many mod that will make this game perfect!! maybe best game forever for me]I have recommended this game because it is indeed a fun game. I sank hours into it on my Xbox and at least one hundred more with mods and the like on PC. I do also, however, advise that if you are a fan of The Elder Scrolls past games, that you consider not buying, or at least, relying heavily on mods after you do buy this game. This game is not really for past TES fans. It does what it does well enough, which is to throw you into the familiar world of Vikingland - I mean uh, Skyrim - and let you do whatever the hell you please, whether that be kill hordes of bandits or search for treasure. But, as I've said, this game is not for TES fans past. It is for the new age of gamers, who just want to play a game and not have a worry in the world. This is not so much an RPG as it is an action game with some slight focus on RPG elements like crafting and raising and acquiring skills. There are quests, yes, but they are repetitive. There is a story, but it is very basic. You wouldn't think to look at it, but Skyrim is in its own newer category of semi-RPGs. And therein lies the problem. The Elder Scrolls was always about being who you wanted, creating a deep character with an interesting story, having awesome quests to do and plenty of unique treasures to be uncovered. Sadly, depth is all but gone in this game. Its paper-thin at best. There are mods for that, but you shouldn't have to use mods to add something so standard to RPGs to this game. Combat is completely reliant on your skill, not your character's like in previous games. The perks make a difference only much later. If you have ANY kind of ranged damage available to you, you win. Essentially that is how combat works. If my archery skill actually mattered, I would slowly begin to see an increase in how much weight I could put into my shots or maybe higher chances to cause bleeding effects with my arrows. You see my point? Perks eliminate the purpose of your character's actual skill. They do add a sense of "bettering" yourself, but at what cost? Simplifying combat and removing depth in the sense of your character's skills actually making a tiny difference in terms of gameplay. Character development? Forget about it. All characters in Skyrim are essentially copy-pasted NPCs, and boy are they generic. Sexy Nord females abound. Oh yeah, and tons of guards that say the same things to you with sub-par voice acting, no less. Granted, some features such as the option to marry are welcomed, but they do not fill the void that most TES fans might be looking for. What this game does have going for it, though, is exploration and discovery. It feels good to explore the map, and if you want the best reward, don't fast travel. It seriously ruins any explorative tendencies in the game. But yes, it does feel good to explore, and discovering dungeons and caves is really fun at times. If only all the dungeons didn't feel the same, it would be even better. While I may have many gripes with the game, it is enjoyable. If you want hours of mindless adventuring and hordes of mods to improve the experience overall, then get the game. If that isn't what you want, and you want the original Elder Scrolls experience, than you probably already have that with Morrowind, or Oblivion. tl;dr This is a good game, but it is not a good RPG. Recommended to adventuring fans, not recommended for Elder Scrolls fans that want the experience they love.]Why are you still reading this review and not buying this game?]i killed myself with a cooking pot and a cart of cheese 10/10 would do again]If there was a option to recommend to someone to buy a game straight away and say it would be a must have in their libary, it would be this game. Just buy it.]Vanilla Skyrim is great and all, but download some mods that overhaul graphics, combat, AI, difficulty and atmosphere along with some new quests to play through and it's almost like a completely different game and you'll have one hell of a time playing it.]Best game ever!!!! :D I could play this for several hours without stop! (As a matter of fact I already did! :P )]During my first run through Skyrim, I played as an Argonian battle mage. I know this seems strange, but things were going well. When I played the main quest "Diplomatic Immunity" and I went to the Thalmor Embassy, I forgot armor. I was a naked Argonian, fighting mages who used frost spells... As you can imagine I was unable to continue, and I had no saves before I gave my gear to Malborn (I also forgot I was a Werewolf lel). This frustrated me to the point where I was up late one night, contemplating of greater things, my final decision was to delete my character forever. I was crushed that this was the only way, so I had a huge falling out with Skyrim, I started playing other games, such as Call of Duty. Call of Duty was filling the whole in my emotional roof that Skyrim had left, but there was still a leak. I realized that Skyrim was always there for me, through thick and thin, we were a team. That's when I rushed to the store, bought a new copy of Skyrim for myself, and 50 others to give out to strangers on the street. Now I am a happy man, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and buy a second copy to give to your future spouse, so when you inevitably divorce them to be with Skyrim, they too can have a copy to love and cherish. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!]Played about 150 hours on PS3 before buying legendary from steam. Still have not grown tired or touched the DLC content. A superior game. Also, mods greatly increase the lifetime.]This game is amazing! Even if it came out in 2011, it is one of the best games I have ever played.]This game is super good if you like/love RPG's or the other Elder Scrolls games. On its own, it has hours of content. With the dlc, it has even more hours. With mods, it has an infinite amount of time.]Amazing game! Whole lot to do, you will never get done with this game! Amazing graphics and gameplay. Mods are awesome too! 10/10]I role play as a butter with porn mods.]Love this game! I stopped playing it though because of my PC's Graphic Card(ITS CRAP!). Just get the game and slay the dragon!]By far the best out of the Elder Scrolls series. It has so much to offer and will leave you occuiped for hours on end. The graphics coupled with the excellent combat system switching between physical damage and magic seamlessly brings the player to a new level of RPG'ing. On top of a "main" storyline, the side quests and stories have a lot to offer, especially to those who are veterans of the series. There's a reason Elder Scrolls game get GOTY... go get it!]great game and if you find it getting boring....steam workshop]This game is my life.]It's the first Bethesda game that actually a piece of the cake. The game has amazing Stories with good and bad missions and Long Gameplay! The Graphics is ok (There are games that has way better Graphics), Awesome and easy system, Huge Open-World, which is somewhere good, somewhere boring or even be bad. Recommended only for RPG Fans. 9.5/10 :)]The game by itself is good, a little buggy, but sets the bar for open world adventure. The real draw here is the modding potiential. I have close to 1000hrs in skyrim over multiple playthroughs, testing and playing with different mods that enhance and augment the skyrim experience. Mods add so much to this game that I don't know how to accurately convey it in one small review. Great game, Hours of fun. Would buy again.]O_o says: lots of time to play? if so this is the game for you.]Get this game really good and really cool]Beast game.]Great Game especially with mods, DLC is pretty good too but sometimes boring. but this game is definitely a good investment.]Amazing game, tons of content!]One of the most in-depth, visually stunning fantasy RPGs I have ever played. If you love fantasy RPGs like I do, you can't go wrong with this game.]If you have a console and think about getting this game on console...don't.The game on the console is the alpha version of the game,the game on pc is where it's all at. You have a ton of mods to chose from and your game will look 10 times better than it does on console...or it will looke like a completely new game,with changed climate,landscapes and whatever you want to do to the game.]It's good but most of the mods are terrible garbage. Too much garbage loot in these games too]Just epic game, gameplay, music, crafting, building, story\multithreading, dialogues, MODS! There is no duch thing that you can't do in this game. 10\10]An exceptional Game. I love it and cannot recommend it enough.]It's very rare to find people that dislike this game, not trying to sound hush but if you dislike a true master art piece like this, then you most likely have bad taste in games, what ever you dislike about this, the game will most likely have 70% of mods to fix your problem in this. What not to like in this, freedom of exploring, quest, treasure hunting, anything you want, but this is game is not about doing what you want but living a life as a medieval style chracter.I will admit this game had a tons of bugs needed to be fix and still have some but not much to be notice any more but other thne that this game is almost perfect, this game is just to impossiable to hate and dislike, try it out, download mods and enjoy, for you people that dislike it, try giving it out shout to it agian with the dlc and mods, you may see that it's not bad as u think it is.]Skyrim is a very in-depth RPG game that you can spend hundreds of hours on and still have content left to complete. If you're looking to put a lot of time, and effort if you want, into a game then I would definitely suggest Skyrim. There are so many other things you can do which aren't part of the 'main' quest line. Even when you have finished the first quest line you are introduced to, you are no-where near finishing the game. That's one of the main things I love about it. Skyrim will always offer you something new to do; and when you get to the point of wanting more, that's when you can choose to mod your game. The modding community for Skyrim is very large. If you don't like something about the game, chances are, there's a mod to change it. If you feel like things are missing from the game, then there's probably a mod to add it too. You can pick and choose from mods to make the game how you want it to be. The Steam Workshop makes it easy to mod your game with minimal effort involved. If you want a single player game that you can lose yourself in, pick this one. In my opinion, you could never play this game and regret it. Pretty much the best RPG game out there]Well. What to say? This is a legend already. It is somewhat old now, but the good story is never old, you know :-). Just like in BioShock - you will want to know the end of the tail... And the world will turn your imagination on! Minor bugs are met, but they do not spoil the point. I really liked this one!]This game is worth the buy i play it non stop pretty much!]The best game of my life. Fus Ro Dah!!]Very nice game]Just.... Amazing!]I love this game]Lots of things to do.]I love this game. Bethesda did a nice job with hardly any bad bugs. One of my faverite things to do is launch lydia off High Hrothgar and find her still alive. This FPS RPG is great for adventureing,fighting and getting sent flying by giants. I much perfer to play this game on PC because the loading is much shorter than on PS3 or Xbox 360.]Alongside with Dragon Age:Origins definitely the best games for me.If I had to choose one game to keep on my PC and delete everything else,Skyrim is my choice,no doubt!]Hands down the biggest, baddest dungeon crawlinest Elder Scrolls game to date. Between modding and the steam workshop, the game has been expanded to include a rediculous amount of updrades to the lighting, textures, AI, NPCs, models, weapons, UI, and some even add entirely new locations and quests for hours of extra gameplay. A must have for anyone who enjoys RPGs.]You either die a hero or you play long enough to see yourself become the villain. 10/10]played skyrim before on console, sucked complete a*s and I hated it. Played it on PC once and I fell in love. Definitely PC game over everything, i'm sure most agree.]you already know this is a great game. why are you looking at reviews, stupid.]"knerw here's the thing, i am not a professional reviewer, ore werry good at "the engrush" couse after all i am speaking it as my 3 language so please, just listen to what i have to say and not bash it couse of how it is told. So skyrim is a awesome game... that is actually all...get it...KNERW!"]400 hours have gone by over the past 3 years, yet this game still drags me in, WHY?! Over 600 quests completed, many of which include the never-ending "radiant" quests, and I've been loving every second of it! The latest installment to the TES legacy is NOT just a game, it is a way of life. You don't just run around killing things, there is a strategy to every thrust, a consequence to every cast and a reward far beyond that of your regular games, a reward that you know you're actually making a difference and you're being a part of it all, as this splendid world comes to life! Now if that alone isn't enough, the modding support for the game will blow your mind away! I've literally transformed the game from a Crysis 2 (whose graphics fidelity was splendid mind you) to that of a wannabe Crysis 3 with jaw-dropping reality, shading, AA and LoD tweaks. The possibilities are endless, and if you're anything like me you'll probably spend 100 hours on modding alone! I really couldn't recommend any other game that is more deserving of being played than Skyrim, so do yourself a favour and pick it up ASAP!]player.placeatme 00064B33 500 CHEESE! CHEESE FOR EVERYONE!]As someone who has grown up with Elder Scrolls from Morrowind on the xbox and Oblivion being my reason to buy a Xbox 360, Skyrim did not disappoint. Skyrim improves on almost everything that Oblivion brought to the table even if some mehanics are dumbed down. The environments are absolutely gorgeous with huge open landscapes to explore. The dungeons are all unique and have their own charms to all of them. There are many cities and villages to explore with different stories and adventures to discover in each one. Just walking between towns feels like an epic adventure. Skyrim is the best open world RPG to date in my opinion. With the steam work shop you can add mods that makes the game even better which makes it worth it if you already have the game on the consoles like I do. The difficulty can be adjusted at anytime for all types of players from hardened RPG players to people new to games in general. This is a game for everyone (except children of course). My only real complaint is the story doesnt feel as epic and important as the last Elder Scrolls games. The dragons seem intimidating but they are no real threat to you or the people of Skyrim even though they constantly tell you how dangerous dragons are. After beating the main story of Oblivion you felt like a true hero and even got a staue built for you. In skyrim they pretty much treat you the same way if you hadnt saved the world, thats right no staue at the end sorry for spoilers :P. But overall its great experience. 9.5/10 A must Buy]Three words: Buy. This. Game. Great plot, great characters, great gameplay, and the game is HUGE.]Simply epic]A Game that never ends,]The best RPG ever made YOU BETTER BUY THIS OR DIE!!!!!!!!!!!]This game provides so many hours of gameplay that it is ridiculous. It definitely has a great replay value, you can decide what kind of character you want to be.]The vanilla game is enjoyable, but I cannot recommend it, as it is nothing compared to the game where you employ mods. For those out there that either fear or detest the lore-breaking aspect of mods, I'm not asking you to download a school uniform or a XXXXXL bust size for your character. I'm asking you to look at the effort put in by the community of modders who strive to make the game a more enjoyable experience for all, like SkyUI or Falskaar.]THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVA OMGGGGG I LUF IT <3 <3 <3 <3 <3]Four things: -Dual wield weapons -Fight dragons -Shoot lasers from both hands -Fus Ro Dah! P.S. This is PC version so mod this  or GTFO.]Fantastic open world RPG. Best in the Elder Scrolls series so far. All gamers should play Skyrim, and that's a scientific fact.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has given me more pleasure in playing a game, than any other game has given me. As soon as you hit start new game, the graphics blow you away, even the loading screen with Alduin sitting on the word wall looks amazing. The dialogue matches them mouth movements, which is alway a plus, and the Voice acting is suberb (even though you tend to hear different characters with the same voice). As I said the graphics of this game are like no other you will see in a game made in 2011, however, the one critique I have is the water textures, as many a time I have come across patches of water that is invisible, but, the majority of the game is spent on land so that tends to not affect your gameplay. The Story is good, but sometimes it lacks a certain quality that you tend to notice. The one major problem I have with the game is the (SPOLIERS) Battle For Whiterun, it is suppossed to be a large scale seige, but it turns out to be 20 Stormcloaks charging at 30 Imperials. The Battle at either Solitude or Windhelm is only slightly better. Despite those problems I believe that Skyrim deserves the title of 2011-2012 game of the year. It extensive lore, its hours of leveling, its interesting (someties) story lines and its massive replay value make this game one of the best Role Playing Games made, you can easily sink 200+ hours into your first play-through without even finishing the main story line.]I recommend this game.]I liked it. You swing swords, you sling spells, you fire arrows, you yell... shouts? I dunno, it was a pretty good generic fantasy type sandbox thing, couldn't really hold my attention. I liked the water, and the waterfalls, and the world, and the villages, and some other things. I thought that claw quest was pretty neat. You know the one. 5/10]There simply hasn't been a game as anticipated as TES V: Skyrim. The latest entry in the 17 year old series, Skyrim brings the same free form RPG formula the series is known for and brings it into current generation hardware. Skyrim is more than a graphical upgrade, though. By removing the character stats and classes, Skyrim allows true freedom in play style by allowing characters to form based on what actions the player does the most. Any skillup contributes to level progression and a perk system allows players to excel at skills and learn new abilties without the need for stats or classes. Couple this with a world with so much to do and see, and it's easy to see why this game is so loved.]I enjoyed this game untill I had to fight the unicorns, cows were also overpowered, and the god damn potato knights one hit me all the time, I was a Cabbage wizard aswell, also When I used home teleport I was teleported to runescape and I got stuck there]Enjoy this game very much!]awesome game i really liked it]Buy the game and stop reading this !]You can play this game your way; it's like Burger King, but without the calories! Venture forth as the mighty Dragonborn, crushing your enemies though use of powerful magics, Daedric artifacts, and devastating shouts, or jump on people's dinner tables and make them beat each other up while you steal their stuff! Though advanced gameplay mechanics, you will be able to advance your numerous skills so as to perform amazing feats never before seen to the folk of Skyrim. Advance your destruction skill and repeatedly stunlock your enemies by pressing both mouse buttons with the same spell, forever! Advance your sneak skill, and steal people's pants as they walk down the street! Advance your smithing and alchemy skills, and become almost literally invinvible through use of a complex process that includes potions, enchanting, and exploits! You will encounter a wide variety of intresting characters in your travels in the newest part of Tamriel, including cat people, lizard people, racist elves, drunk people, racist nords, bandits, assassins, murderers, cultists, drug dealers, corrupt bureaucrats, and more! Defeat powerful bosses like dead people, magic dead people, dead people with swords, people that make dead people serve them, a dragon that makes other dragons not dead, more dead people, dead people with shouting powers, flying magic dead people with masks, flying magic dead people without masks, dead people without skin, dead people with skin, vampires that count as un-dead even though they never were dead in the first place, to name a few. This game comes with three DLCs: Dragonborn, Hearthfire, and Dawnguard, which add the ability to fight the champion of Cthul-- er... I mean, Hent... no... oh, yeah: Hermaeus Mora, the first Dragonborn; the ability to get more houses which are occasionally attacked by bandits who kidnap your spouse because you can only build them in the middle of nowhere; and the ability to renact your favorite scenes of Twilight, but with more vampire hunting/human killing and less creepy "romance". Overall, I highly recommend this game. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go get some Burger King.]Just get it...U know u want to ;)]Totally recommend, great atmosphere, advanced character buildings and also moddable! Some gliches, that's all.]Just the best ing game..]Nice game, one of the best so far. But seriusly, you have to buy the legendary edition, you won't regret it.]An excellent one player game, challenging at all difficulty levels, strategy requirements are impeckable, and the art work invested in the environment is absolutely awesome.]Good for around 20 hours and then you get bored and start modding it. Modding becomes a better part of the game. Play about with mods for more hours than you actually played the quest lines. Screenshot everything. Break your game with mods. Play another game.]This game on Pc best choice I ever made Love this game and Love the modding community.]While Morrowind will always ba my favorite Skyrim nearly took that place with captivating gameplay, amazing graphics, and a wonderful community.]Hundreds and hundreds of hours can be put in that game and it will still be amazingly fun to play, well worth the bucks!]11/10 Enough Said .......... http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=257570807]A fantastic game. Although the previous patches have fixed a lot of bugs in this game, I still recommend people use 3rd party mods to fix the bugs that haven't been patched up yet.]My favorite part is raising the baby dragons and using combos during the Lydia sex scene.]Playing Skyrim by the fire relaxes my soul]Good game but graphics needs work.]One of the Best Games to date! Elder Scrolls V is fun for any gamer whether you are a fan of the Elder Scroll series or not!]I heard someone call this a mile wide and an inch deep once, and that's a perfect way to describe it. Bethesda is utterly amazing at building worlds, but when it comes to putting quests and characters in those worlds they fail, miserably. Take the civil war for instance. Skyrim is caught between the Empire (the good guys) and the stormcloaks (idiots one and all, and the bad guys. If they win, the real big bads, the aldmeri dominion who are basically magical nazi elves get one step closer to wiping out humanity altogether.) You can win the civil war for one side or another, and.... nothing happens. Sure some guards change pants and maybe two or three npc's say a sliiiiiightly different thing now, but that's it. Oh and you win the civil war by doing a fetch quest and then going to a city and killing waves of utterly identical faceless soldiers. four or five times. I guess what I'm saying here is there's no replay value at all. There's one way to do something and that's it. No choosing to do it a different way later in another playthrough because there is no other way. Oh and if you care about sane, coherent plots, DO NOT buy Dawnguard. The only possible way that could make sense is if your character literally becomes temporarily . Full on window licking wearing inflatable waterwings in the bath so you don't drown .]Its a great game, lots of bugs, but when you get past that there is a fantasy world to explore.]This game is good.]lets see, skyrim; what can i say for a review about that game called skyrim... well, now looking on it, i feel my situation explains it pretty well: as i write this, the time is 2:30 AM 2 days after i got it; and i already have 12 hours on this. and as i explore the world and view its life in every corner, i know i have only scratched the surface on the game. what can i say; i love the arnold schwarzenaeger voice for the guards.]Skyrim is good the end.]One Epic game must buy. Why? -Fun with / without MODs -Lores are always surprices -Random Questions often intriguing, mostly happen during daily routine/ on the way to a dungeon / keep / dwemer ruins / caves -Dragons just awesome. -Even after World Eater defeated - there're still much more to be explored! -Definitely a worthy one for Achievement Hunters - like myself as one.]My wife and I have poured hundreds of hours into this game. 10/10]There are mods that give you amazing boobs! 5/5 Stars]Played this game till I encountered the massive spiders, only  once. 10/10]A modern classic. If you enjoy RPG's at all you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.]Phenominal RPG game that takes on a whole new look at the Elder Scroll series. Out of ten, this game should receive a 9.9.]Epic gameplay and highly addictive... 10/10! :D]The Best Game that i have bought from the steam store! The graphics are just stunning and the gameplay experience was over my expectations!!!! To the people that are thinking of buying this game...GET IT NOW! :D Good Luck]I love this game. Its simple beauty lies in the amount of control the player has over how they play. Skyrim is a different game for each person, whether you like to play as a mage, a warrior, or a thief. With seemingly never-ending quests and objectives, you'll never grow bored of this game, because even if you can't find anything more to do, creating a new character creates an entirely new game and a new series of adventures. Trust me when I say it's really hard to get tired of this game. To top it off, the graphics are amazing, and Bethesda's new engine is gentle even to some underpowered systems. I can't recommend this game enough.]In total i have played 181 hours on the pc and a good 250 on console and if theres one thing i learned from 300+ hours of gameplay...It was probably the best 300 hours of time i ever wasted...that is until elder scrolls 6, I mean....I DIDNT SPOIL ANYTHING. NOTICE: all who have read this review are to be terminated under athority of bethesda code of conduct and are to be terminated by bethesda agents within the next 48 hours, and yes they have black suits sunglasses and an earpiece, and yes they will kick your door down like the bosses they are]Your life means nothing until you play this.]Like Far Cry 3 with swords]Vanilla Skyrim is great and all, but download some mods that overhaul graphics, combat, AI, difficulty and atmosphere along with some new quests to play through and it's almost like a completely different game and you'll have one hell of a time playing it.]Best game ever!!!! :D I could play this for several hours without stop! (As a matter of fact I already did! :P )]During my first run through Skyrim, I played as an Argonian battle mage. I know this seems strange, but things were going well. When I played the main quest "Diplomatic Immunity" and I went to the Thalmor Embassy, I forgot armor. I was a naked Argonian, fighting mages who used frost spells... As you can imagine I was unable to continue, and I had no saves before I gave my gear to Malborn (I also forgot I was a Werewolf lel). This frustrated me to the point where I was up late one night, contemplating of greater things, my final decision was to delete my character forever. I was crushed that this was the only way, so I had a huge falling out with Skyrim, I started playing other games, such as Call of Duty. Call of Duty was filling the whole in my emotional roof that Skyrim had left, but there was still a leak. I realized that Skyrim was always there for me, through thick and thin, we were a team. That's when I rushed to the store, bought a new copy of Skyrim for myself, and 50 others to give out to strangers on the street. Now I am a happy man, do yourself a favor, buy this game, and buy a second copy to give to your future spouse, so when you inevitably divorce them to be with Skyrim, they too can have a copy to love and cherish. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!]Best game ever! This game will give you hundreds of playtime, side-quest and amazing story line. Absolutely worth of money but don't forget to buy all DLC's - they are better than basic game :D]Best game. 11/10 would bang again]This game will ruin your life.]Skyrim has got to be one of my favorite games of all time. Bethesda always delivers in their games and does an excellent job enriching their open worlds with so much to do. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGs, or even those skeptics.]its an ok game i would not buy it when it was $40.00]Very good game, and there's a lot of things to do in Skyrim (and a lot of people to talk!). Be patience and explore this extensive game.]EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose.]If you dont own this already I want you to cut a hole in your wall, go in it, patch the hole off, and live there forever, crying, for the rest of your life knowing that you never owned one of the best games of all time. Im sorry for you, honestly.]Mods, Mods everywhere!]Absolutely fantastic - a game set in a completely open world, you carve your own adventure or follow the paths set for you. Choose your own race, class, skillset and go from there. The possibilities are endless with what you could achieve. Lizard Mage? Done. Orc Homekeep? Done. Lazy High Elf who only earns money by stealing off others? Done. In a setting that is expansive, gorgeous, with so much background, I highly recommend trying the Dovahkiin way of life, even for a little while.]Great game, amazing scenery, lots to do. Lost my soul for awhile, had to back off. I have come across some quest glitches, but all in all love this game. Well worth the money I paid for it.]Yelled a chicken to death. 10/10]Super amazing game, I love the indepth class choices and playstyles you can have. The free open-world is what really makes it fun though! I probably spent 20 hours just exploring half the map itself haha :P I reccomend this game to all!]Skyrim, a detailed game about a prisoner who is making his way downtown , walking fast, faces past and he's homebound.]Most definitely an easy time-sink, it is easy to spend hours playing this game without even realising it, there is always new tasks to work on, loot to find, locations to explore, skills to obtain and much, much more.]I have enjoyed this game for years on console, only to be blow away by the community support and mods this game supports. A purchase I wont regret.]Man is it atmospheric! Keep your eye on the clock, because the hours will slip away. My only qualms in an otherwise incredible game: - Can get repetitive as most interiors are generally the same just rearranged - Little variation in voice dialogue. - The difficulty settings handicap the player rather than make the AI more skillful or strategic. Would have loved: - Greater ability to change the story/gameplay based on the decisions you make/don't make. Icing on the cake: - The Score. It's become one of my all time favourite sountracks. 8/10]Enjoyed this game way too much!]Dont get me wrong, Skyrim is GREAT, An epic RPG fantasy game. But i gotta say, im a huge fan of the elder scroll series, and this one just dont give me that elder scrolls feeling, I can surely tell there's a good amount of people who played this and never even heard of oblivion. Go play oblivion and then go back to this and you will know what you've missed. Good game, but NOTHINIG compared to oblivion, or morrowind! Still a great game. 8/10]Probably one of the greatest rpg games you will play. Get it because of this and also because workshop and nexus]This is a game that I always seem to be able to get back into after years of playing. After making the switch from console to PC, it was one of the first games I wanted to buy again. It has great replay value. Though it is a little buggy from time to time, the glitches often just make me laugh and are easily fixable if they get in the way of gameplay (with the use of some commands). I can waste hours just messing around or actually play the game seriously, and that it the beauty of most open-world games. Overall a great game.]No one should have to convince you to get Skyrim, you should already have Skyrim.]Awesome game, love it.]Skyrim is the one of the best games to play, able to capture the attention of any that play it, difficult to be fun, but not difficult to be annoying, Plenty of Quests to do as well as just explore the massive expanse that is the world of Skyrim. Makeing the deal of buying the game sweeter, working with Steam Workshop allows you to create a whole new world through the power of mods. Great Game, if get it on sale even better.]I don't know what to say But this game is good.]One of the best games i have tried!]Yet another great game to add to the Elder Scrolls Series. Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is even more action packed than the previous games, with many features added. You can play anyway you want: Assassin, Mage, Warrior, etc. Have countless hours of fun with side quests, guilds, DLC, or the main story. I would highly recommed this game to anyone who enjoys RPG's or even if its your first one!]I originally played this game on a Playstation 3 console right after its release due to my pc not being able to handle it. After putting up with numerous bugs/glitches I shelved the game completely. Bought it to start playing again on pc and its so much better. Helps that I am a fan of games of this genre. Need to finish this title, but so far, its amazing. A must play for anyone.]You use swords and chop bad guys. 10/10]So much skyrim, worth it to skyrim some more.]What more could I possibly add about this game... Great adventure, great game play, expansive world, and a seemingly endless mod community. If you see it go on sale, you should probably pick it up, because I guarantee at least 200 hours in game play and that's just the beginning.]Loads of bugs and tons of crashes. 10/10]This game is worth the buy i play it non stop pretty much!]The best game of my life. Fus Ro Dah!!]Fantastic game. 11/10. Mods just make it better. Speechless.]Fantastic, love this game]Because this game is just freaking awesome, an quite very beatiful if you play it on ultra!]This game doesn't even need a review, it's absolutely beautiful and amazing.]Wonderful game with an extremely complex and inspiring storyline, hundreds of things to keep you going all day, and a huge fanbase with tonnes of mods to choose from. Recommended strongly.]Amazing action-packed game, really recommend this game. Though I have only played 33 hrs on the PC, I have played more on consoles. Five stars. :)]This Is Absolutely The BEST Fantasy game I've ever played!]I got to have sex with a little bunny after killing it several times and after resurrecting it, and killed it again]Possibly the best game I've ever played, second to none. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is without a doubt one of if not the best open-world role playing games of this generation. Endless replayability, an unsurpassable amount of mods, a unique experience and countless hours to waste away enjoying the immersion this game has to offer. Bethesda truely excelled previous Elder Scroll games with this release. The Pros; > Open-world, beautifuly designed. > Detailed Character creation and Arcehtype building. > 300+ hours of playable content. > Extremely Lore based. > Truely immersive storyline. > Excellent Audio. > Well designed game mechanics including combat, leveling, perks. > Vast array of Weaponry, Armor, Spells, Potions and much much more. > Mass amounts of mods, ranging from graphic, gameplay, item, house, and character mods. > A substantial amount of enemies ranging from dragons, bandits, draugrs, thieves to vampires. The Cons; > Voice Acting is repetitive. One several occasions you will notice NPC's voiced by the same actor with the same voice. > Replayability is much lower without the use of mods. > Some areas of the large open-world seem reused. There seems to be little variation to open world textures and dungeons. > Questing can sometimes seem repetitive. Go to X, get Y item, return to Z. To finish this up I've put over 500 hours into Skyrim across three systems (Xbox, PS3 and now the PC), I've never felt as immersed into a games storyline, open-world and lore - it is truely a different experience to any other open-world RPG. The Character Creation and Arcehtype building is perfect for this type of role playing game. Want to play through the game from a stealth approach, done. Want to tank more damage than a German Panzer in WW2, done. Want to fire, frost and electrify your way through every bandit camp and dungeon in the vicinity, done.There is literally no limit, don't want to stick to a specific arcetype? Done, Jack of All Trades. With 10 playable races, you're able to customize your character to your own liking and fight the way you believe you should. With 18 skills ranging from Archery, Lockpicking, Two-handed, Destruction, Restoration, Smithing and many in between there's plenty of variety. Leveling never feels monotonous, level at your own pace or powerlevel before you've even started the main quest. Play the game your way. With over 270 quests, including the main quest, side quests and sub quests, there's never a dull moment. You'll be lucky to even finish half of them before you take an arrow to the knee. I could not recommend this game more highly. If you even have the slighest interest in RPG's or open-world games take the plunge and pick this game up.]3 Words Fun As Hell]Mod it until it breaks.]Hoard massive amounts of cabbage. 10/10 would buy again]got 10 large homes using mods and killed the jarls, i feel like high king now. would recommend 2000000/10]Best RPG game ever made. Also has got good mods.]The biggest open world single player game to date. Have on PS3 and PC. All the DLC at a good price on PC make Skyrim a No Brainer.]An excellent game for trying out different styles of combat and really getting involved in the world. My personal favorite is archery -- taking pot shots at Draugr from across the catacomb and actually hitting them is the best feeling in the world! The game is apt to bore you after a while, but that's often only because you're not in the right mindset to play it. It's not for fooling around in; you'll get the most out of it by actually exploring the world and being your character.]Bethesda games are awesome. I recommend the Elder Scrolls Saga to all who get more crazy becouse of medication, then they were before they took that medication. Believe me when i say that being hooked to Bethesda games realy draws your mind away from worse addictions and/or psychiatrical problems.]A wonderful game and a true testament to the Elder Scrolls Series. Not as big as my beloved Daggerfall or Arena, but complete immersion into the environment is still possible. An easy to use skill system (though I do miss the in-depth ones of old) and a great character generation system make the game easy to play your way. Above all I love the customizability of the game itself, leaving it to the end-user to shape the game as they see fit. A great and immersive set of stories to go through, with DLC expanding it to many hours of enjoyable fun. This is by far one of the greatest games that I have ever played, and continue to play!]Skyrim is one of those games you could play constantly for weeks, or even months and it's still fun. Then even after you get bored of it you can return months later, start a new adventure and have just as much fun as last time, if not more. Throw mods on top of it, the game just gets even better. The open world exploration is fantastic and there is always something new to discover, it's truly an adventure game and I recommend it for anyone who likes fantasy games and open world games.]10/10 with mods, especially immersion mods, however even without mods this game is excellent.]Simply incredible. And there are tons of mods that allow you to enjoy the game again even when you were getting bored of it.]An amazing game with an awesome story/stories. There's so much to do that you can easily put 150+ hours in without touching the main plots.]Stop reading my recommendation and go buy the game already!]Ok. My second review. Skyrim. Thats all I need to say. Bought it in England and started and I could'nt get enough of it. I searched every nook and cranny for items and crafted items such as the Daedric armours. The diversity of the 9 holds and the annoying meme make this game really great. And then enemies. With a good enough battle plan you can kill without even being suspected or even just run in and slash them up or crush their skulls. Oooooooo. The shouts. Holy . Those shouts. FUS RO DAH!!! I loved the shouts. My favourite is the dragon aspect or the cyclone shout, and I'm not saying the unrelenting force because cyclone flings them further and high in the air and dragon aspect because, 1. you look ing badass and 2. because when your health reaches around 1/3 there is a chance for an ancient dragon borns spirit to appear to help you out. Not only does it have great power, it will shout. Say what you want about this game but it will always have a place in my games library. Plus the modding allows more fun such as the whiterun camp attached to the wall is great for a beggining player that needs a good place to store their new and inventory filling items such as foods and weapons in special specific and overall very usefull chests. I rate this 100/100. (Nord accent)"I used to be an adventurer like you, then it ook an arrow to the..." (Me)"FUS RO DAH!!!" (Nord accent)"No lollygagging" (Me)"I'm at the in' shop. Leave me ALONE!!! Jeez." (Nord accent) stop shouting. You're shouting is, making people nervous." (Me)"Well  this *Stabs the guard shouts his body*. Well now that that has been taken care of, i can finally...OH !!! *Gets tackled by commander Caius* (Caius)"You're under arrest* (Me)"Ah crap"]Get. It. Now. Go.]One of the best role playing games I have ever played. This game should be owned by if not wanted by everyone.]Doing this for the bages plus great game xD]Always been a big fan of RPGs, and finally I managed to buy it with the steam summer sales! Was worth every cent, and as good as my friends said it was. Literally, cannot stop playing!!!!]Mods make everything more fun :P]Possibly the most time consuming game I have ever played, and that isn't a bad thing :D]gr8 game m8 8/8 so gr8 dont w8 this gam 8nt no 8 so f8]This is an awesome game, lots to do and so much many hours of enjoyment. Dragon fighting is the best and crafting your armor when you get the materials is equally fun. If you picked this up durring any of the Steam sales you won't be disapointed. This game is worth the money and time.]Mod it until it breaks.]Hoard massive amounts of cabbage. 10/10 would buy again]How can you not love this game. you can literally play it forever don't get me started o the mods :P mods make pc skyrim the best ever and cane enhance gameplay and make it last so much longer]First time: HOLEE SHEIT DEM GWAPHICS (Jontron) First hour: Stop attacking me Hadvar! Dammit what the hell is wrong with this guy. 10 hours: Novice robes for 1300 gold?!?!?! 30 hours: Wasn't I supposed to kill a dragon? 100 hours *spams creation of daggers for smithing* 150 hours: How did I end up on this island 175: I've defeated Alduin! (Finally) 200: Mirrak you son of a  that was my dragon soul 250: Hello there shopkeeper, would you be interested in my vast asortment of baskets and plates? You can have all 8967871234 of them for just 1 gold a piece. P.S.Get an Nvidia card, ditch your 290X, it's so unfinished EA tried to publish it.]10/10 would review again]Very nice game]Just.... Amazing!]I love this game]My favorite part is raising the baby dragons and using combos during the Lydia sex scene.]My first Elder Scrolls game that I've played, what can I say?! It's just Awesome!!!]Like Oblivion, with more facial hair.]Amazing Game, highly recommend to play and is fun. 10/10]what can i say that hasn't been said about this game? nothing really. Well put together and a solid game well worth the buy. However, I can see this being a obession so that might be the only problem.]Keeping up the Bethesda TES tradition Skyrim was as much as if not more fun than Morrowind and Oblivion.]Forgot it wasn't a sequel (it was so good): 11/10 would bang.]An excellent game for trying out different styles of combat and really getting involved in the world. My personal favorite is archery -- taking pot shots at Draugr from across the catacomb and actually hitting them is the best feeling in the world! The game is apt to bore you after a while, but that's often only because you're not in the right mindset to play it. It's not for fooling around in; you'll get the most out of it by actually exploring the world and being your character.]reminds me of playing kings field just with lot better graphics]It's like Oblivion with more draugr]I have this on PS3, 360 and now PC, I cannot get enough of this game, theres so much to do you'll never truly do it all. Buy it, love it, and tell your signifigant other you still love them, just... that you'll need a few weeks, or a month or four.]Hundreds of hours of open world gameplay with a slew of different races, armours, weapons and spells to use. If you're looking for deep complex story, this isn't the game for you. It's as wide as an ocean but as deep as a puddle. However, the modding community has made this game worth spending even a hundred dollars on. Many mods for many different things such as quests, races, spells, equipment, new lands to explore and even entire games such as Morrowind. Highly Reccomended.]This is the best "Throwing Goats Off Cliffs With Your Voice" simulator money can buy.]One of the best games ever!]Greatest game in history ^^ I think they shouldnt've stopped making DLCs for it tho.It had alot more potentional and would just be neat to have several other DLCs,3 are not enough for such a big game :P]Brilliant game, recommended for everyone who enjoys RPG games or bethesda fans. 8/10 would have been better if you had a better leveling system and more items.]Waldo Approves (   )]Really great game where bandits come to mug the guy who just killed a dragon and absorbed his soul, whoever doesn't buy this game is a milk drinker]I keep trying to quit you, but you keep pulling me back in.]BUY THIS AND PLAY IT TILL THE DAY YOU DIE!]The Elder Scrolls is one of my favorite RPG series and Skyrim is no disappointment. An open ended world, great voice acting, deep character customization, solid gameplay mechanics and the freedom to pursue the kind of character you want to play make this a choice game for any fans of action RPGs and there has always been a great community surrounding the series with talented modders who take the game to a completely different level, creating a deeply replayable experience.]Feel like being an adventurer? Feel like killin' some dragons? Feel like being the most bad- looking negro hero ever? Now you can with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.]Great game. Very good. Such wow.]Best. Game. Ever. I purchased this on my xbox, I just recently purchased this on PC. Hands down best game. How can you dislike such a massivly beautiful game?! This game does have those tiny glitches but you wont know know them unless you look them up and they arent obvious glitches either, if thats what you're worried about. This game is worth the money! Ive played many games throughout my life and i've got to say when this came out, i wasnt too intrested in it until I actualy took my time to play it. And now that I have... NO REGRETS :D!! Took my life.]After getting it I know why everyone loves it so much. A really great game and I highly recommend it! It's a true "must-have" for every RPG fan.]Who hasn't played Skyrim yet? Nothing but perfection in this game.]This is one of the best if not the best game I have EVER played!]3 years old game and still fun with amazing graphics]Theres a reason ive almost sunk 1000 hours into this bad boy, its the best Elderscrolls game yet.]If you don't own skyrim, please uninstall life!]One of the best games I own.]This game, is so much fun! From just running around killing things, to downloading Mods turning Dragons into Thomas the Tankengine. If you liked any of the other Elder Scrolls then you will hands down love this game just as much if not more!]Honestly I have to say this is one of the best games I have ever played in my whole entire life . I own it on Xbox 360 and I loved it so much I had to buy it on steam. If you buy this game and you have an Xbox or a PS3 I would recommend buying it on steam because you can download mods and fun  like that.]We all know this game and how  it was on the consoles. We all agree that this game is 100 times better on PC due to mods and enhancements that can be modified and added. This game is incredible in its own way. Yes, it has a considerable amount of glitches and bugs which can be fixed using Official Patches from the Skyrim Nexus. There are a lot of things you are missing from this game. It has incredible mods that you will never get to experience. Which is a shame since it is one of the biggest workshops on Steam. There are mods that add more killmoves, characters, races, weapons, armours, animals + beasts, immersive mods, enviroments, gameplay aspects, and more. There are ENBs which enhance skyrim IMMENSELY. Literarily, a brain . There are mods that can create better characters that don't look like hobos from downtown. This game is excellent for those who seek adventure, great mods, and roleplaying.]Amazing game, ten out of ten :)]I almost forgot to review Skyrim.]cool]Dragons Keep Killing me and stealing my sweet rolls!]An all-around fantastic adventure game. While the Elder Scrolls is famous for its RPGs, Skyrim feels like more of a fantasy adventure with RPG elements, rather than a traditional RPG. The Elder Scrolls III and IV both give the player more of a traditional RPG feel, giving your character special skills and increasing individual attributes such as strength or dexterity, whereas Skyrim allows the character to only build up skills such as smithing, destruction magic, etc. Undoubtedly, the quests in Skyrim have been made much more simple since Oblivion and Morrowind, but the action and basic story (if there is one for that particular quest) make up for the challenges of finding the location of the treasure/bandit camp, etc. Like most Elder Scrolls games, one does not simply "finish" it. There are mountains of quests and events for the player to find and complete, and you can easily dump hundreds of hours into it. With a growing mod community on Steam and Nexus, players can immerse themselves in one of the greatest adventure RPGs in existance.]Love the game, its long story, and replayability make it very interesting, as well as not being even close to linear. My only problems were that its sandbox mechanic is severely lacking, but I'm sure mod makers will make up for it. As well as some seemingly unfinished questlines. ||SPOILER|| Like the College of Winterhold, you should actually be able to learn about the game's definition of magic, and its mechanic through this college. Instead, it may aswell be a small insignificant bunch of side-quests leading up to becoming arch-mage.]This game is good for those who like open world games and RPGs. Also, there are tons of mods if you want to change the game. Want to make that fus ro dah less boring? Change it to a mighty OBJECTION! So yeah. It's good.]Why didn't i recommend this game when i bought it? Because i was too busy playing it. After installing my 500th mod today i can still call Skyrim one of the biggest and best games i have ever owned. As stated by others the potential of this game is almost unlimited. You can even convert the whole game into a tropical forest now and play like you were in Elsweyr. Get this game NOW :D]With the right mods, this is by far one of the greatest games ever released.]Yes but i have found a bug where it gives you the dlc when you do not own them and if you use anything from the dlc and save you can nolonger play that save till you get the dlc so i can not play anymore till i get dawnguard]do anything u want in this game 99/10]The best RPG of the last 2-3 years. That's all. ------------------------------     2-3 . .]Skyrim is the 5th installment in the Elder Scrolls series. I've played it on console and it is smooth and has very few bugs. The PC version is basically an expansion pack; you can download mods and have hilarious battle with a My Little Ponie Avatar against Thomas the Tank Engine! BUY THIS GAME!!!!]Best game I have played in years]I've never invested as much time in a world as I have in Tamriel. The Elder Scroll series has set the standard for RGP's going back to the beginning but most notable with Morrowind, Obvlivion and now Skyrim. Skyrim is not just a game to be played but to be immersed in. It's an experience not to be missed.]Let me just say, BEST dragon, knight, whatever you call this game I have ever played in my life. You start out with awesome graphics, awesome story layout, and just an awesome game experience you have ever played, if you dont like this game, your just a total loser. I'm sorry but this game is currently the best dragon times game I have ever experienced on PC. I suggest this game to people that like dragons,knights, that kind of stuff. Nothing bad about this game, everything is running fine, no bugs or glitches I have had yet.. just an awesome game]Why wouldnt you buy this game?]Do you recommend this game? You bet I do.]Amazing game!Dragons,bandits,thiefs and much more!Everything about this game is awesome! 10/10-Badass seal of approval]Skyrim Is probably the most Beautiful Elder Scrolls games ever, and one of the best games ever. The map is fun to explore with many different characters to fall in love with. Its one of the only games I enjoy levelling up my Miscellanious skills (Blacksmithing speech etc.) You Are not a gamer if you never played a tleast one of the Elder scrolls games , so If you haven't, Skyrim is the place to Start. Although, not even a year after buying the game I found that I was heavily relying on different mods and DLC. The story is basically the same no matter what and even though there are some small choices, there isn't a lot for an RPG. The choices all lead to the same out come (just some different dialogue).]Skyrim is truly one of the best games I have ever played! It has endless hours of fun in the base game, plus a huge collection of mods and three massive expansions! If you haven't taken the plunge into TES 5, do it now!]Easily the greatest game I have ever played.]my gran was pro at skyrim before she embarked on a journey to find true peace and solitude with the greybeards please honour her and buy the game]This is hands down one of the greatest RPG's of all time..... The Elder Scrolls V has proven to still be one of the finest pieces of art Bethesda has published and is still proven to be a masterpeice nearly two years on. Whether you quest for weapons, armour or just seek adventure this game has it all. In terms of gameplay, while the combat may be seen in some eyes as 'crap', there are many mods available on the workshop to tweak your game to perfection. The PC edition runs much quicker than PS3/XBOX and is greatly obtimised. Loading times are minimal and even old computers can run this game fine which is incredible considering the sheer magnitude of the game. Sadly this game is only singleplayer but don't let that get to you. Talking about it with your friends is just as good :) You will never get bored with the simply hundereds of quests to complete. Perhaps you can make personal quests for finding mighty armour or slaying some annoying beasts. Maybe you just want to use a dragon shout to knock a giant off a cliff. Anything is possible. This game has proven to be in my top 3 favourite games ever made (which is saying something. I have A LOT of games). The game is cheaper than ever on steam and has such an amazing community helping out by making and testing mods, giving feedback ect. This game certainly is playable without mods (you are not obliged :D) however, there is something in the workshop for everyone. James Wood-Dedicated Nord with a big sword.]An immersive adventure that once you start your journey, you're likely not to stop for a very long time. Your path will be rife with bandits, vampires and their thralls, draugr, and of course; dragons. The fifth installment of The Elder Scrolls series does not disappoint with its sandbox atmosphere and myriads of modding capabilities. There exists a modification for almost every facet of Skyrim, enhancing your medieval experience. Skyrim is one of the crown jewels of my game collection and rightly so. There is so much pure content in this game, it is excusable for the tens of hours that it will take from you. Some may describe it as a timesink, but it is well worth it because for every hour you commit to the game, it takes you further along in your journey and leaves you aching for more. Skyrim is undoubtably one of the best games its generation, setting a precedent for future games that strive to outdo what it achieves. Skyrim is the one to beat. The score for the game is also fantastic, full of astoundingly great work by Jeremy Soule. The music that accompanies the events is very period; it goes perfectly with the atmosphere of Skyrim. Your heart will literally be left pumping as you fight dragons to the sound of One They Fear or Watch The Skies. And the music of Sovngarde gives a perfect tone to the afterlife of the Nords. Overall, Skyrim deserves all of the positive acclaim that it garners. It is setting a standard in the gaming world. And renewing the belief in myself that perhaps there is still hope for storytelling in video games. Pros: + Hours upon hours of gameplay. When you think you're done, you're not. + Customization. Great character customization, and with mods it reinforces this tenfold. + Modability + Skill System + No Classes + Dialogue between NPCs. There are always things going on. Cons: - Initial game physics are a little irritating in places. - At first, it was difficult to find where I was going on the map, but this may have been an individual issue. - So much to do that you don't know what to do. My main gripe. xD]it's my game *-*]OUTSTANDDDDING GAME! endless fun with steam workshop]It worth to play n good way to explore fantacy world.....]spent lots of hours playing on xbox,pc version is way better and with steam workshop makes it 12 out of 10 'best rpg without a doubt,only thing that suks is no co-op,imagine playing this with friends]great game very addictive]This is hands down one of the greatest RPG's of all time..... The Elder Scrolls V has proven to still be one of the finest pieces of art Bethesda has published and is still proven to be a masterpeice nearly two years on. Whether you quest for weapons, armour or just seek adventure this game has it all. In terms of gameplay, while the combat may be seen in some eyes as 'crap', there are many mods available on the workshop to tweak your game to perfection. The PC edition runs much quicker than PS3/XBOX and is greatly obtimised. Loading times are minimal and even old computers can run this game fine which is incredible considering the sheer magnitude of the game. Sadly this game is only singleplayer but don't let that get to you. Talking about it with your friends is just as good :) You will never get bored with the simply hundereds of quests to complete. Perhaps you can make personal quests for finding mighty armour or slaying some annoying beasts. Maybe you just want to use a dragon shout to knock a giant off a cliff. Anything is possible. This game has proven to be in my top 3 favourite games ever made (which is saying something. I have A LOT of games). The game is cheaper than ever on steam and has such an amazing community helping out by making and testing mods, giving feedback ect. This game certainly is playable without mods (you are not obliged :D) however, there is something in the workshop for everyone. James Wood-Dedicated Nord with a big sword.]An immersive adventure that once you start your journey, you're likely not to stop for a very long time. Your path will be rife with bandits, vampires and their thralls, draugr, and of course; dragons. The fifth installment of The Elder Scrolls series does not disappoint with its sandbox atmosphere and myriads of modding capabilities. There exists a modification for almost every facet of Skyrim, enhancing your medieval experience. Skyrim is one of the crown jewels of my game collection and rightly so. There is so much pure content in this game, it is excusable for the tens of hours that it will take from you. Some may describe it as a timesink, but it is well worth it because for every hour you commit to the game, it takes you further along in your journey and leaves you aching for more. Skyrim is undoubtably one of the best games its generation, setting a precedent for future games that strive to outdo what it achieves. Skyrim is the one to beat. The score for the game is also fantastic, full of astoundingly great work by Jeremy Soule. The music that accompanies the events is very period; it goes perfectly with the atmosphere of Skyrim. Your heart will literally be left pumping as you fight dragons to the sound of One They Fear or Watch The Skies. And the music of Sovngarde gives a perfect tone to the afterlife of the Nords. Overall, Skyrim deserves all of the positive acclaim that it garners. It is setting a standard in the gaming world. And renewing the belief in myself that perhaps there is still hope for storytelling in video games. Pros: + Hours upon hours of gameplay. When you think you're done, you're not. + Customization. Great character customization, and with mods it reinforces this tenfold. + Modability + Skill System + No Classes + Dialogue between NPCs. There are always things going on. Cons: - Initial game physics are a little irritating in places. - At first, it was difficult to find where I was going on the map, but this may have been an individual issue. - So much to do that you don't know what to do. My main gripe. xD]It's nip twistin]Awesome game especially with cool mods everyone HAS To get this!]THIS IS A MUST HAVE]It's a really thought out and well detailed game, if you like FPS RPG's then you'll definitely like The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim! 10/10]Nice and realistic game . Everyone shoud try it :)]This is one of the time consuming games I've ever played, the lore is fantastic, the scenery is awe inspiring, and the amount of freedom it offers is unprecedented. If you've got the cash, get this game.]While the actual combat animations are not suberb there is no weight to any swings nor wump to any arrows etc the world is superbly detailed and the sheer possibility for stories is insane this game is really what you make of it. Oh and I havent even mentioned the modding community.]Aahh.... perhaps a little too late for this game's review but nevertheless. The Elder Scrolls series, a wonder of RPG games in the years. I've started the series with Oblivion when I saw it in a Cyber Cafe a few years back and see all the classic Table Top RPG element inside it. I thoroughly enjoyed the game of course and cannnot wait for Skyrim to come out, which was announced a few month after my discovery of Oblivion. Firstly, I was expecting its mechanism to stay but was a little disappointed in its simplicity instead. Everything is too simplified and for the NPCs.... the only good thing about them is their quests and nothing more, despite their somewhat colourful personalities. The role-playing this time focuses a lot on quests instead of a more broad purpose. It would seem that Skyrim is made for its combat system, which was never a strong part in the Elder Scroll series in my opinion and is not so impressive in here either. Swing, swing, occasional block and such. However, the finishing blow is admittingly the best thing to do in combat. Skyrim's environment however is what really makes it beautiful. To be able to explore the province of Skyrim in its fullest, Fast Travel is almost going to be unused.... almost. All in all, it is a good adventure game despite lacking in its Role-Playing.]I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee. #10/10]skyrim is stupendus! is a better oblivion IMHO]Let's just say that if I were trapped on a desert island that somehow got electricity and wifi and could only have one video game to play for my entire life I would choose this one. Because it is not humanly possible to do all that there is to do in this game in one life time and you will probably never get tired of it. Just when you think you're done, you'll get sucked back in somehow. It never ends. Ever.]its a good open world sandbox game that goes with the rest of the elder scrolls lore.]I climbed up a tree with my horse.]Punched a child in the face. 10/10]GREAT GAME BUY IT U FILTHY]Even after playing this game so many times it still has not lost any playablilty and this is due to the great work everyone is doing through the workshop.]Surely a game this massive in scale requires a review of similar proportion. Where do I begin? The graphics? The gameplay? The lore? I'll start at the beginning. First off, this game is nothing like Roller Coaster Tycoon. In fact, Skyrim and RCT are about as far away from each other on the spectrum of gaming as they can be. So if you're looking for a quality theme park building/management simulator (or any theme park building/management simulator), do not look to the Elder Scrolls series. You begin your quest as a lowly prisoner in the back of a wagon. The offense is border hopping, and the punishment is death by axe (sure beats a big ol' wall, huh U.S. government?). On the way to the execution you meet fellow prisoner Roggvir, a key member in a group of rebels called the Stormcloaks, who want to take back Skyrim from the Imperial Legion (the people who are executing you) and put the Nords back in command. When you arrive at the execution...place in Helgen, a guard asks you for your name. Now say what you want about the Imperial Legion, but these people have some patience. I sat there for 45 minutes thinking of a name and rearranging my race, face, and gender to my liking, and they just waited for me to finish. Finally I decided on Jikrel, a magician/juggler inspired by my hero, Penn Jillette. Properly named and pampered, I'm ready to get my head chopped off! Just before the axe comes down, however, a conveniently timed plot device* swoops down and proceeds to burn the city to the ground. It is at this point that the player can decide whether to escape with Roggvir, the handsome rebel with a cause, or someoneelseIforgothisname, a dirty Imperial pig. While the choice doesn't make a difference at this point in the game, it presents the player with the concept of choosing sides in a convoluted, almost entirely pointless side quest involving the great Civil War of Skyrim. Racist rebels or idiotic Imperials? The choice is yours to make (or not). Once you've escaped, you're free to go anywhere in the overworld you desire, do any side quests you want, tackle the main storyline, or just goof around and break the game's A.I. I opted for the latter. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of things to do in Skyrim, it's just that most of them aren't fun or interesting. I tried to give the main quest a go, but around the seventeenth plot device* and ninth fetch quest or so, I just got sick of it and quit. I had to replace the stock plot device* fighthing music to a pitched-down rendition of Frank Zappa's "No Not Now" just to make it that far. I'm going to be honest here: the most fun I've had playing this game I've had roleplaying a psychopathic serial rap-ist/ene-ma bandit/murderer that slits people's throats, dry humps their still warm corpses and dumps them in the nearest river/crevice/humorous location he can find. What this says about myself, I don't know. But I do know what it says about the game's quests: they're not good. In fact, I found the game's quests were obstructing my overall goal of blindly murdering everything in my path. Ever since Oblivion, Bethesda has felt the need to make certain NPC's that are essential to the game's completion unkillable. I had to download a mod so that I could kill them and thus continue having fun. Oh, and don't get me started on the mods! Nude mods, "better female" mods, "sexy armor" mods, what is this a sick joke?! How horny are you people?! But I digress. To sum it up: Skyrim is worse than Oblivion because it is better than Oblivion. Bethesda don't seem to realize that their games are inherently goofy and are perfect that way. The more they try to make it "badass" or "epic" or the more bad face textures and A.I. bugs they fix the worse it gets. I don't even think the intended audience for these games takes them seriously considering the number of great dumb mods there are out there (Battletoad Rash!) All in all, I'd buy it because it's still a pretty enjoyable experience and I'm sure everybody can find something to do in this massively dumb role-playing action-adventure game. Oh, and the graphics are pretty good I guess. 7/10 *plot device=dragon]what can i say really that as not already been said its a pretty awesome game]fun.. As long as you don't mind running around like a headless chicken]Syrim is the perfect mix between action and adventure. The creatability and choices make this game easily my favorite. the endles amount of quests and story make it a non stop joy ride. And the graphice? They can't be beat. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND]this is a great game]This is a very fun game but Eventually gets a little boring.. Until you fight some dragons!!!]This game is sick. It is such a big and beautiful world with so many places to explore. 2 years later with new DLC installed and this game is still awesome to play. Plus the endless mods are always fun to try.]With the right mods, this is by far one of the greatest games ever released.]Yes but i have found a bug where it gives you the dlc when you do not own them and if you use anything from the dlc and save you can nolonger play that save till you get the dlc so i can not play anymore till i get dawnguard]do anything u want in this game 99/10]The best RPG of the last 2-3 years. That's all. ------------------------------     2-3 . .]Skyrim is the 5th installment in the Elder Scrolls series. I've played it on console and it is smooth and has very few bugs. The PC version is basically an expansion pack; you can download mods and have hilarious battle with a My Little Ponie Avatar against Thomas the Tank Engine! BUY THIS GAME!!!!]Wow! Skyrim is definitely living up to the ES series expectations! This is a great game with almost endless possiblities in game to keep you entertained, be sure to look into any sales going on!]Awesome game especially with cool mods everyone HAS To get this!]Simply the best game i've ever played ! 20/10 :D for 20$ now in the store ! if you are an RBG games fan YOU SHOULD GRAB THIS ONE !]Maybe is not the best action/RPG of this generation, or even the best Elder Scrolls game, but is the most amazing epic high fantasy experience you will find in any visual media. You wont play Skyrim, you will live in Skyrim.]One day, Dragonborn was almost killed by a dragon. Than he ate a slice of goat cheese, and slained the dragon. 10/10 Would eat cabbage again]What can I say about Skyrim? Such a wonderful game brought to full potential on the PC because of mods and its active community of dedicated players.. Whenever I'm in the mood for a sandbox game Skyrim is right there waiting for me.]What can I say? It's a fun role playing game, you're quite free to ignore whatever quests you don't want to follow and build your character as you please. Playing as a redguard, 40hrs allowed me to finish the main quest, become a werewolf, learn to decapitate enemies, helped random locals, decapitated some bandits, raided a wrecked ship for no reason, removed the head from a sailor, saved a Stormcloak from some tribal attackers, before stabbing a sword through is back, and enchanting a sword. There is plenty to do, and well worth getting.]It's one of the best game I'v ever playes, and even if you have to fight against dragons, wolves, and other creatures (wich I love) it's awesome and give to the player a really great experience, everyone should at least try this game!]Why should I even write a review for this? 10/10]Amazing rpg you can do basically anything and explore everywhere and mod support which means doing anything and going anywhere is literal]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim A game with a kickass story that you probably won't get around to finishing until you've finished fooling around with cheese wheel avalanches, sweetroll robberies and a lot of random murders. Yes..random murders. A game where modding addiction is a real serious thing. Seriously. I tried to pick up a spoon at home, subconsciously trying to press E and i realized that i was nowhere near my damn PC and this was the real life. The game alone, how it was made and despite all the bugs, is very enjoyable. You can sink a ton of hours just looking around, exploring, immersing yourself in the skyrim environment and the radiant quests. Character customization is better than it was in Oblivion but can be further enhanced by mods. Basically the whole vanilla experience of Skyrim is superb and it is improved by the addition of mods. The Voice acting cast seems to have expanded as compared to Oblivion. The guards still assume someone stole my sweetroll. There is apparently a sweetroll thief on the loose. There isn't much else to say. Its a great game. If this review isn't enough to convince you to get the game, watch a few playthroughs, read more reviews, ask your friends, ask their friends, ask strangers on the internet and then decide. If that is still not enough or you just don't wanna pay full price (that is completely understandable by the way.) Wait for a good sale but i tell you, it is well worth full retail price. 10/10 I am no longer considered criminal scum. Now I am that which has committed crimes against Skyrim and her people.]I can feel tht half of my soul have been trap in this world! Once u start playing....Say GOODBYE to your previous game because u might not play them anymore......THIS game is worth for 59.99!! Everything in this game is almost PERFACT!! Grapghic,Song,Theme,Gameplay,Environment,storyline and whatever in this game! Thanks for my FRIEND out there(Lim Dong Yun) because he gave me this SUPERIOR AWESOME game XD]Great game. The best open-world game Bethesda has made yet in my opinion. Now with the DLC's the game seems endless, and you will spend many dozens of hours just questing alone even before exploring all of Skyrim. Hope you have a lot of extra time on your hands. ;)]You play as Luigi and you must save the Mushroom Kingdom from dragons. Mario was turned into a dragon but he good dragon. Luigi shouts really loud cause he is scared of dragons. Luigi can't fit dragons in a vacuum so he stabs them with arrows and swords, and his own fists. It's a pretty good game, everyone calls me some dragonborn I stab them and then say I'm Luigi.]dis gayme sux. obviously it was trying to beet black ops but it just cant. it aint even up 2 bf3 standardz]Game Review: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It's an RPG Open-World game, it's pretty exciting and it's really easy to get into it. In this game you're the Dragonborn, a person that can use the power of his voice to fight dragons that are trying to concquer the world once again, you are able to travel the world, fight mystical creatures, learn Magic and free the world from Dragons.]Completely ruined my life and stole at least 13 days of my life away from me 10/10]I played through this game on console and it was epic, good story, lots of side quests and levelling to do. I purchased this for PC for the mod support, and there's ton of mods for skyrim, from some of the visual mods that leave you spending more time staring at the environment to rediculous mods that leave you laughing, having mods breathed new life into a game that I already compled. Overall if you are a fan of previous elder scrolls games or even rpg's with a good story this is worth picking up especially with all the steam sales. 9/10]My first Elder Scrolls game that I've played, what can I say?! It's just Awesome!!!]Like Oblivion, with more facial hair.]Amazing Game, highly recommend to play and is fun. 10/10]what can i say that hasn't been said about this game? nothing really. Well put together and a solid game well worth the buy. However, I can see this being a obession so that might be the only problem.]Keeping up the Bethesda TES tradition Skyrim was as much as if not more fun than Morrowind and Oblivion.]Forgot it wasn't a sequel (it was so good): 11/10 would bang.]an amazing game that everyone should get :)]Approved by the Wolf]Best Game of 2011 :D]one of the best games I ever played...this game is amazing, the texture and the graphics are bad, but this is not something that should bother me. this game is a whole world, you can do anything in this game, the DLC's are amazing too. And if you like RPG, magics, fantasy and a huge lore, this game is for you.]Excellent game overall as positives outweigh the negatives Good points: Fantastic visuals, breath taking views of the landscape. Missions in dungeons are thrilling Lots of replayability Well written out lore Feels almost like a sim rpg Bad points: Stale dialogue missions can get boring overtime Rather glitchy]Very good game. Enjoy it a lot. Best game ever, I don't think I'll play another game ever again. 4/10.]If you like roleplay fantasy games, this is your game!!!]UNLIMITED QUEST ! EPIC GAME !!]Best Singleplayer Game (with mods) ive ever played in my life. :3]A great game, so many different combat styles and things to do you can play it for days on end and never get bored. Shot a chicken, town filled of elderly women stabbed me to death 10/10]I don't know how to put it in words but this is one of the best games I've ever played. And with the mods you can do just about whatever the  you want.]One of the most beautiful, immersive and epic games of all time. In fact, it's THE most. There are no contenders. It almost feels like a waste of time recommending Skyrim, because anyone with a machine capable of playing it is likely to have done so already. Some of the mods are also well worth installing if your setup can run them, including retextures, graphics extenders and more detailed character creation. Goodbye real world, Tamriel is much more appealing!]Four characters and 570 hours later...what am I doing with my life?]all i did was punch one cow and everyone wants to kill me? like come on cows are not as cool as me right? right? 420/10]skyrim belongs to the nords!]If you've played previous Elder Scrolls games, glitches and oddities don't come as a surprise. Nevertheless, Skyrim feature tighter combat, fewer bugs, improved graphics and so on. If there is anything to complain about in this game, it would be the user interface, inventory taking up A LOT of useless items, SOME bad acting, as you level up, the creatures you fight take FOREVER to kill by hitting them 30-40 times, and finally its replayability value. Creating characters is nice (even though it takes a very long time to get what you want done). Finding and completing quests is solid. I said all I disliked. The game succeeds in comparison to Elder Scrolls IV, and I am addicted to this game like a... person... playing games! Replayability value is hard to get back to though if you leave the game for a month or more. Anyways, great work on the game, this is more than I expected it to be with little to no struggle to get "used to". Postives: +Tons of content +Fun combat +Huge open world to explore +Modding tools +Deep character creation tools +A lot of side missions and long/endless gameplay +A lot of ways to improve graphics Negatives: Bug-free Horrible voice acting Poor character animations Overall: 9/10]This game is so excellent that I don't even feel worthy enough to review it. Suffice it to say that "the bar" in terms of Role Playing Games is just a plaything for Bethesda Game Studios. They can put it wherever they want and it will stay there until they come back for it again. Nobody else will even come close.]a very entertaining and addictive game]Personally the best action/adventure RPG game I've ever played. You can play the game over and over and over again, and you still wont get bored of it because there is simply too many choices too make, too much quests to finish in a large variety of ways. 10/10]9/10 I Love this game, and everything that goes on in it. I Bought it for my PS3 when I lived in an apartment, I also own it on PC (obviously). Can't say I regret ever having bought this game. Everything is worth checking out. The DLC is amazing, and brings new things that help improve the game even more. I would advise checking out mods. This game has replayability and definitely a chance to get your moneys worth from it. I still have a hard time believing I invested 1,300 some odd hours of my life into this game. Aside from that, some negatives is probably the fact it is older, and may not meet new standards of graphics for some people who are all about pretty pictures, but if that is not a problem for you, as it isn't for me at all, you will love this game.]it cool]This is probably the best game I have ever played. It is made by Bethesda so already you know its gonna be good but the detail and depth of the game is just staggering. There is so much too this game and you could spend 100s of hours on it and still find amazing hidden quests wherever you go. If this isnt enough for you, there are hundreds of mods to give you extra missions and the modders have put alot of time into them. I find that the vanilla graphics of this game are pretty awful but there are many many mods that are simple to install and will combine to give you an amazing experience. Overall this game is definitely worth your money and thanks to the help of modders who can improve graphics every year, I am sure that it will last for a very long time if not indefinitely and I would recommend it to anyone who has a decent PC and alot of free time. 10/10.]I mainly played this on my Xbox 360 and I loved it then and I love it even more on the PC. Modding Skyrim is some of the most fun I have had gaming in awhile. I never found myself at a al loss of what to do while playing Skyrim, The combat, while not the high point of the game, really set the tone for the game itself. Skyrim is about the atmosphere and what you are feeling as you play it. I can count about a dozen times when I would just stare at the sky in the game at night. The story is phenomenal as well and this is a great buy for anyone wanting a Epic Fantasy done right.]its Skyrim... do you really need a recommendation???]Skyrim, the game which rocked the world. The unforgettable, Max-von-Sydow-narrated, Jeremy-Soule-music-powered trailer that radiates awe. An open-world experience of leading a virtual life of "high adventure" in a fantasy world. I admit, this was the first Elder Scrolls game that I played. Somehow, all of the other games eluded me, and I first seriously considered Skyrim watching it played by the popular StarCraft II caster Day[9] . This game (as I later found out) continues the Elder Scrolls formula, which was evolved through several incarnations: Arena, Daggerfall, Morrowind, Oblivion. Perhaps its main defining characteristic is that instead of the experience system common for most RPGs, your skill levels determine your character leveling, and skill levels are raised by using them. If you want to be a mage, you will use your spells and level up, if you want to be a warrior, you will pick up your favorite type of weapon and swing it, pick up a shield and block. If you want to be a stealth character, you will sneak. Simple and intuitive. Quests are as non-linear as possible. What this means is that you are most of the time not forced to do them, or follow a specific order when completing them. Besides several larger questlines, there are many small, unrelated "radiant" quests, which help flesh out the game and provide an even greater variety to already exciting core questlines. There is a small caveat though. The dark side of Elder Scrolls games are the bugs. They happen to be something of a tradition with Bethesda games, and are even considered a fun factor. Many bugs were solved through various patches and expansions though, and there are unofficial patches which are available through modding sites, such as Skyrim Nexus [www.nexusmods.com] . Speaking of which, another major aspect of Skyrim are mods. From different armor and weapons, to textures and shaders and user interface, this game has inspired many people to write dozens of mods since its release. Browsing through a plethora of available mods on some mod site alone could take you hours. Not that you will mind, though! Skyrim is, without any doubt, one of the greatest RPGs and one of the greatest games made. Pick it up on a Steam sale and play it. You will completely lose track of time, and you will love it.]This is my one my favorite games. With modding you play forver. Woul highly recommend]a beautiful and emmersive game, but crippling bugs and accidential ( yes, accidental) exploits make it infuriating.]As someone who had never played a TES game before, this was a very fun experience. I had never given RPGs a chance until this game. It sucks you in and the modding scene just adds so much more to it.]This is one of the best games ever created!]Best game ever. Unfortunately my wife thinks so too, This means I get to play whenever she isn't around. Still worth it!]Great game. It really lets you do whatever you want, including killing dragons and stuff.]I originally played this game on a Playstation 3 console right after its release due to my pc not being able to handle it. After putting up with numerous bugs/glitches I shelved the game completely. Bought it to start playing again on pc and its so much better. Helps that I am a fan of games of this genre. Need to finish this title, but so far, its amazing. A must play for anyone.]Best Elder Scrolls game in the series. And the whole series is really good!]TESV Skyrim is the best open world RPG in gaming to date. The amount of freedom and openness is stunning, and the game is truly stunning if you have a graphics card capable of handling it. The mod community for this game is among the most active thorughout gaming, in spite of Skyrim's age. Mods are constantly being released and updated, allowing for nearly endless replayability. The main storyline is very good, but the sheer amount of dungeons and side quest will almost always attract your attention. You will likely spend hours traversing the wilds while dungeon crawling and hunting for loot. V Very few of the side quests feel like fetch quests. Each side quest has a uniqeness and fun all on its own. In addition to the main story and side missions, there are several unique factions that demand your services, each with its own fully fleshed storyline, characters, and perks. In conclusion, the world, errr Skyrim is your oyster filled to the brim with hundreds of hours of story, loot, and fun.]This game is fantastic.]It's like Oblivion, only with beliveable characters, and a good story, and fun gameplay, and unique locations to explore, and reasonable system requirements, and all those other things they forgot to put into Oblivion because they were too busy masturbating over shaders and poorly optimized textures. So it's like Oblivion only good.]Feel like being an adventurer? Feel like killin' some dragons? Feel like being the most bad- looking negro hero ever? Now you can with The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.]Great game. Very good. Such wow.]Best. Game. Ever. I purchased this on my xbox, I just recently purchased this on PC. Hands down best game. How can you dislike such a massivly beautiful game?! This game does have those tiny glitches but you wont know know them unless you look them up and they arent obvious glitches either, if thats what you're worried about. This game is worth the money! Ive played many games throughout my life and i've got to say when this came out, i wasnt too intrested in it until I actualy took my time to play it. And now that I have... NO REGRETS :D!! Took my life.]It's nip twistin]Love it, can play play play, then leave it and come back again and again. love the mods you can get.]I mainly played this on my Xbox 360 and I loved it then and I love it even more on the PC. Modding Skyrim is some of the most fun I have had gaming in awhile. I never found myself at a al loss of what to do while playing Skyrim, The combat, while not the high point of the game, really set the tone for the game itself. Skyrim is about the atmosphere and what you are feeling as you play it. I can count about a dozen times when I would just stare at the sky in the game at night. The story is phenomenal as well and this is a great buy for anyone wanting a Epic Fantasy done right.]its Skyrim... do you really need a recommendation???]Skyrim, the game which rocked the world. The unforgettable, Max-von-Sydow-narrated, Jeremy-Soule-music-powered trailer that radiates awe. An open-world experience of leading a virtual life of "high adventure" in a fantasy world. I admit, this was the first Elder Scrolls game that I played. Somehow, all of the other games eluded me, and I first seriously considered Skyrim watching it played by the popular StarCraft II caster Day[9] . This game (as I later found out) continues the Elder Scrolls formula, which was evolved through several incarnations: Arena, Daggerfall, Morrowind, Oblivion. Perhaps its main defining characteristic is that instead of the experience system common for most RPGs, your skill levels determine your character leveling, and skill levels are raised by using them. If you want to be a mage, you will use your spells and level up, if you want to be a warrior, you will pick up your favorite type of weapon and swing it, pick up a shield and block. If you want to be a stealth character, you will sneak. Simple and intuitive. Quests are as non-linear as possible. What this means is that you are most of the time not forced to do them, or follow a specific order when completing them. Besides several larger questlines, there are many small, unrelated "radiant" quests, which help flesh out the game and provide an even greater variety to already exciting core questlines. There is a small caveat though. The dark side of Elder Scrolls games are the bugs. They happen to be something of a tradition with Bethesda games, and are even considered a fun factor. Many bugs were solved through various patches and expansions though, and there are unofficial patches which are available through modding sites, such as Skyrim Nexus [www.nexusmods.com] . Speaking of which, another major aspect of Skyrim are mods. From different armor and weapons, to textures and shaders and user interface, this game has inspired many people to write dozens of mods since its release. Browsing through a plethora of available mods on some mod site alone could take you hours. Not that you will mind, though! Skyrim is, without any doubt, one of the greatest RPGs and one of the greatest games made. Pick it up on a Steam sale and play it. You will completely lose track of time, and you will love it.]As someone who has grown up with Elder Scrolls from Morrowind on the xbox and Oblivion being my reason to buy a Xbox 360, Skyrim did not disappoint. Skyrim improves on almost everything that Oblivion brought to the table even if some mehanics are dumbed down. The environments are absolutely gorgeous with huge open landscapes to explore. The dungeons are all unique and have their own charms to all of them. There are many cities and villages to explore with different stories and adventures to discover in each one. Just walking between towns feels like an epic adventure. Skyrim is the best open world RPG to date in my opinion. With the steam work shop you can add mods that makes the game even better which makes it worth it if you already have the game on the consoles like I do. The difficulty can be adjusted at anytime for all types of players from hardened RPG players to people new to games in general. This is a game for everyone (except children of course). My only real complaint is the story doesnt feel as epic and important as the last Elder Scrolls games. The dragons seem intimidating but they are no real threat to you or the people of Skyrim even though they constantly tell you how dangerous dragons are. After beating the main story of Oblivion you felt like a true hero and even got a staue built for you. In skyrim they pretty much treat you the same way if you hadnt saved the world, thats right no staue at the end sorry for spoilers :P. But overall its great experience. 9.5/10 A must Buy]Three words: Buy. This. Game. Great plot, great characters, great gameplay, and the game is HUGE.]Simply epic]A Game that never ends,]The best RPG ever made YOU BETTER BUY THIS OR DIE!!!!!!!!!!!]This game provides so many hours of gameplay that it is ridiculous. It definitely has a great replay value, you can decide what kind of character you want to be.]The vanilla game is enjoyable, but I cannot recommend it, as it is nothing compared to the game where you employ mods. For those out there that either fear or detest the lore-breaking aspect of mods, I'm not asking you to download a school uniform or a XXXXXL bust size for your character. I'm asking you to look at the effort put in by the community of modders who strive to make the game a more enjoyable experience for all, like SkyUI or Falskaar.]If you dont have this game. You porobibly have a girlfriend or somthing. yuck]it's my game *-*]OUTSTANDDDDING GAME! endless fun with steam workshop]It worth to play n good way to explore fantacy world.....]Do you not already own this?!?! How have you been surviving. Sure you got food, water, and shelter, but THIS, this is a real neccessity. It is an open world ready with secrets to discover and adventures to travel on. Fighting dragons is but a part of your quest to be the best warrior in Skyrim. But only if you want to of course. Being a thief, or assassin is just as amazing for portraying your incredible stealth, unless you plan to be the Archmage of limitless magical powers! Casting fire and lightning on your quest to kill the high king of the land! There is always combinations if you prefer spreading your bard-like knowledge. So go on! Fulfill your quest, and become a true DRAGONBORN!!!!]This game is great, but has it's drawbacks. It feels more like an adventure game than an RPG, it's more about doing than filling out level sheets. Which I must say I prefer. I found it tedious in Oblivion to allocate skills into things I ended up not using because I didn't know the plot of the game the first time. It didn't feel like I was playing a game, it felt like homework. Skyrim is simplier, but it's streamlined nature is what makes it so enjoyable to play. I feel like I'm going on an adventure, and getting stronger using skills that come natural to me. The characters look pretty, and the open world is really quite astounding. I found myself simply looking at the scenery, knowing that someone had to envision it. It is probably one of my favorite games, but I don't like to compare it to the other Elder Scrolls games, because it breaks the mold with a new leveling system.]A whole world, full of beautiful friendly people with their broken knees. And dragons, lots of dragons!]This game is very good. I highly reccomend the mod "s of Skyrim". It adds some much needed length to your playthrough.]One of the best games I have ever played.]This game is totaly worth the money. Gameplay and graphics may not be it's strongest areas but besides that the game is truly one of the best I have played in a lond time. Huge openworld landscape with lots to do and see. All three expancions are great extending the epic adventure that the game has to offer. Plus the game's modding community is one of the richest that I have seen, with thousands of great and new mods comming out daily, from adding new and exiting weapons and races to making an extreme inprovement on both graphics and gameplay. Skyrim is gaurintieed to give you an exiting taste of the TES adventure and give you hours upon hours of an exiting and novel experience. Since the last game skyrim has made tremendous inprovements. In skyrim the UI has been tremendously improved with smarter sorting, new options and overall better looks. Players can now gain a veriaty of new blessings and powers and not to mention, shouts! Shouts are the main new aspect of the game allowing players to absorb the souls of dragons and use their powers against them. One other new inprovement is the dual weild option allowing for players to equip weapons/magic in to the left, right, or both hands making for new and dynamic combat stragities. The game's graphic atmosphere is much more "rugged and dirty" where as Oblivion's was almost cartoonish. Although the new engine is a disapointment it still works fine giving us great graphics that can compare to many modern games. The modding community also brings high resolution texturepacks and encredible HD lighting and shader mods called ENBs. The story, as always, focuses on a prisioner who becomes an emportant person in tamrielic history. In this installment of the TES franchise your charater escpes exicution when the dragon god Aulduin attacks. Later you find out that you are the dragonborn of legend and are destined to save tamriel from the wrath of the dragons. By defeating Aulduin and restoring the peace of skyrim the player will have a great expericnce with this exiting game.]Refusing to stop, the Elder Scrolls franchise's newest entry, Skyrim, goes down kicking till the very end. Admist civil war, the eater of worlds, or 'a bad- dragon' decides to come back to add to the turmoil, and why not? It would seem that the time is ripe for dragons to come and gourge on the souls of our world. However, as luck would have it, there is (as in all fantasies) one person who can stand in the dragons' way. Watch out Keanu Reeves because a new chosen one is in town, get ready to hack, slash, burn, freeze, stun, scare, eat, stab, punch, shoot, throw, shout, claw, jump, and fling your way to victory past racist guards, foolish bards, crappy elves, drunken nords, or legendary monsters of epic proportions. Hoprfully you do not have a girlfriend or 8-5 job, because if you do, you will not have the time to "one-hundred percent" this game. I mean, have you seen the hit short film "Dragonbored"? Some amount of stars that amounts to 5.]Love this game.. So amazing and with the workshop and some of the mods it makes it just a blast to play.]One of most addictive game I've ever played. It's simply impossible to get over the quest. You start thinking you are running out of quest, and suddently come across dozen of it ! Lots of thing to do and discover. And with the mod this game become amazing.]The love of my life]This game is awesome. I can play anytime and the mod provides me lots of more fun.]Its skyrim it never loses the appeal I love it so much , this is what a real open world game is supposed to be like]It runs through my veins! :D]There's nothing more visualy enchanting and gameplay challenging than this epic Elder Scrolls installment. Roam through the endless land of Skyrim , participate in quests , take sides , conquer kingdoms , betray and betrayed but most of all be the one that fullfils the prophecy. Be the Dragonborn!!! The Lengendary edition is a must have , because it brings all the enhancements and the extra content that this title needed to be one of the most rewarding and challenging RPGs i've ever experienced]Absolutely stunning game. Fantastic graphics. It's not every game that you can say "I just got arrested for stealing an old woman's sweet roll."]i recommend this game because its an interesting game its a well known famous game everyone seems to love this game so much i played it for 2 years or more.]I drink to my youth, to the weeks come and gone, For my hours of Skyrim are just about done. I fought off the Stormcloaks, ran Imperials through - As an Arch-Mage and werewolf and Guildmaster, too. Long live Ulfric! Or kill him or whatever. I've fought the war twice and not one side is better. I'm the hero of Skyrim; everyone's in my debt - But if I kill a chicken, they'll all want me dead. Now it's Alduin time, and I'm finally prepared, My friends have all left me, but I simply don't care. (10/10, would rhyme again)]OH what a game!!! So many choices, so many things to do. Follow the quest, run off on sidequests, or just wander aimlessly to your heart's content... It's all in there. Focus on magic, be the best mage you can be: favor destroying stuff, become a Destructionist mage and burn, freeze, zap everything in your way. Like to protect yourself, specialize in the Alteration school. There are other schools as well; something for everyone. Or, just do a little bit of everything. Doesn't matter, you can tailor your playthrough to the way you want to play it. Fancy yourself a sneaky type? Focus on stealth, put everything in powerful daggers and level up backstabbing, and nothing will stand in your way. Want to snipe enemies from the shadows? Just start putting experience into bows and enchanting and take down targets' health, stamina, or magicka level from a distance so that one or two hits from your dagger or sword will make short work of them. Find or craft you a soul-trapping weapon and you can gather an infinite supply of souls to recharge your magical bows or melee weapons to keep doing massive amounts of damage. Burly warrior or wily agile fighter... you pick. The sky's the limit as you can basically do anything or be anything you want to be. Spend hours, days, months even, just exploring. Make a career out of hunting wild animals and gathering their pelts to sell for money so you can afford your own place, so you can even get married and adopt some kids. Just wander, if you want, as there are thousands of places (towns, villages, lone cottages, caves, mines, and mills) to enjoy, interact with, take on a job just about any place. I don't see how this game could get any better or do it better so that you can enjoy playing it your way... Oh wait, there are literally thousands of mods that do just that: from hundreds of new weapons, armor types, loot, potions, poisons, capes...it's just endless. And then there are all the mods for improving the low-quality objects found in the vanilla game, texture enhancements, gameplay enhancements, crafting overhauls, hundreds of new followers, creature types... it's just incredible what you can do. I don't see how anyone could NOT like this game. It's phenomenal.]Having played over 200 hours of this B-E-A-UTIFUL game, I can safely say it is one THE BEST games I have ever played.]10/10 I have no social life since I play this game.]If you're not playing Skyrim what is wrong with you?]Don't play this game!!!!! It will ruin your social + sex life! You will walk around the streets hoping you could just get your double daggers out, and stab away, and build stuff, and.. and... Just... Don't... When you start thinking "ehhh, ok, let me just complete one more side quest", then you're completely lost to the world...]November 11, 2011 was a great day, because Bethesda graced us with one of the greatest games every created. Skyrim is the 5th installment of The Elder Scrolls series; and oh boy does it ever take it to the next level. What does Skyrim have you may ask? In depth character development, player housing, kill-able NPCs, anything that isn't nailed to the wall or ground can be stolen, tons of weapons and magic spells, play as a werewolf or vampire, hundreds of quests, an enormous world, and oh yeah DRAGONS! Skyrim is an RPG that has a great main story with tons of side quests that either have nothing to do with the main story arc or have everything to do with it. I couldn't stop playing the game as every corner, every road or just over that mountain had something new to do or experience. And the experiences were increased exponentially with the environmental detail and sound that made you feel like you were in the world itself. Do you want to be a heavy armor wearing archer, a dual wielding wizard, a vampire, or maybe you just want to be an assassin; your choices of character combinations are extensive. Each aspect of your character has a skill tree and actions like merely sneaking around will improve it's skill and unlock a skill point with each passing level that can be used to specialize that ability even more. And after you spend time specializing your character, you have to move on to customizing their gear. Skyrim is a must own for RPG lovers, gamers who enjoy open worlds and if you love DRAGONS; how do you not already have this game? + Beautiful Visuals + Great sounds and music + Detailed and engrossing stories + Great combat + Open world and very customizable character progression - Can be overwhelming for people new to the series - Some glitches during combat (Very Minimal) Score: 10 out of 10]This game is probably one of the BEST moddable game i have ever played. There are so many, many things you can do and you can be anything you want to be on skyrim. It has almost never-ending quests and a big place to exploring around. This game is for the true adventure lovers. I would totally recommend you to buy this game! 2 Thumb up! SKYRIM 4 LIFE!]A MUST HAVE! So many possibilities and endless quests! I rly love the game even tho it's the buggiest i've ever played! Looking foward to Elder Scrolls Online!]Housecarls, Greybeards, Dragons, Oh My!]One of my all time favourite games. When i first played this i was stunned by the beauty of the icy mountains, rolling forests, lush greenlands, and flowing rivers. Then learning that i was a character unique to the world but had served great importance for many years before as a symbol of Tamriel's Empire was the next best thing. Story is good, looks amazing, and the adventures are once in a lifetime experiences. 9.5/10. A definitely purchase!]It's pretty good if u like dragons, if u don't like i recommend wolrd of warcroft]Shot a dwarf in the face with an arrow. He shouted at me. 10/10]THIS GAME IS SO BONERS RIGHT NOW!!]"Mod It: Until It Crashes."]So, Gabe... are you going to sell some real life now? i could use one... but after this "LAST" dragon!]Best RPG game of this generation, setting the standards for every RPG game made.]Brilliant game. Amazing and gorgeous with mods. Always something to do game of its time.]This game is great. There is so much to do and so much to explore. I have put quite a bit of hours into this game and I know that there is always something new around the corner....and Dragons. 10/10]Most Addicting game ever! I have played older games like Oblivion and Morrowind but I think Skyrim is better than them Morrowind: Best Storyline Oblivion: Best Gameplay Skyrim: Best Graphics]Got to live out my fantasy of being a lizard 11/10]Perfect! The most epic world of last gen... And one of the best RPG-worlds ever made... not for people with little time!]Decapitated a Dark Elf with a child's Wooden Sword. 11/10 would murder with a toy again.]Promised myself i would be a warrior with zero sneak kills... well... maybe next playtrough... or maybe the next... or the next... thieves guild here i go again.]It's like Skyrim but with Skyrim]horas y horas de arrows in the knee]mod it untill you get 59 fps, then uninstall all of the mods]Love the game, fun storyline! :D]Absoluteley outstanding!]So I have owned this a while but finally have taken the time to sink into it (nothing like waiting a few years right) and let me say, I am loving it. I think it does have some hit or miss marks in the skills as opposed to class/ex[erience rpg system but I do love this game. Buy it, buy it all!!!]If you need a review to tell you to get this game, this is it. I started on xbox then moved to PC. Skyrim is, well, too much awesome to put in words. It is a masterpiece on its own, and one continually in the making. The reason I say it is continually, is the modding community. The modding community has added so much replay value to an already amazing game. For example, the Unofficial Skyrim patch is a community effort to make all of the official Skyrim and DLC bug-free, and it has fixed tens of thousands of things. Not to mention all the mod choices out there. You can have ones that change gameplay, add spells, armour, weapons, houses, add entirely new stories and quest lines, make the game 4x the quality of the HD DLC, or help you run it on an older machine. There are simply too many to mention here, but if you are looking for something, chances are there is already a mod out there for it. As for DLC, they are all excellent. I recommend them all, but I especially have a love for Dawnguard. Probably because it was the first I owned.]Fus Ro Da! This is the best game i have ever played! Thousands of times better than any large scale MMORPG such as World of Warcraft...The only thing this game is missing is a multiplayer system and this game is a perfect unbeatable one! Hopefully when The Elder Scrolls Online comes out...My hopes will come true...]A great game, but you don't need Vino to tell you that. Come on, dude. What are you doing reading my review of Skyrim? Go out and do something with your life. Or play Skyrim. That's what I'm doing.]It was worth all the money, I love what this game offers. Each mission contains a mystery, surprise and a perfect history from my point of view.I like how thieves get out of the bushes and try to steal your money,you won't see it,might scare sometimes and a lot more to love abouth this game,I write here, but it would mean a lot to read.You would not find a game like this for a while.Show if you like RPG,try Skyrim best of his kind.]I just have three litlle words about this game " Buy this game" thats really all I have to say about the game]Okkkk cant believe that I didnt alredy made recomend to play for Skyrim... I mean it is darn Elder Scrolls game.... IF you like RPG and IF you like felling to have shivers down your back when you get dragon down, game gives you total freedom to do what you wanna do... and to approach quests way you like (you can convince a fella to stop stealing from the girl, or you can kill him... orrr you can kill the girl and rob her of all her gold) choice is yours.. question is which choice you will make???]Provides hours of fun! Great game alone or with workshop mods!]Do I really have to give a review? You know what it is...ing Amazing! 10/10]I've dropped more time into this game than almost my entire steam library. So much fun!]===Edited as of January 2nd, 2015=== It's not as good as Morrowind or Oblivion if we start talking about storytelling and immersion, but Skyrim is a hell of a game, and it won Game of The Year back in 2011 for an obvious reason: It's great, and I know it really is, when after 230 hours of game I still dicovering new places and things about it. Even now in 2015, if you ask me if you should buy it, I would say yes without thinking twice, it's a must-play along with the rest of The Elder Scrolls series, and just like any other Bethesda game, when you start heavilly modding it, it'll become another game, and then another game, and then another game again, and in the end it'll be like you have bought a pack with at least 5 games, and not just one.]since paid mods cancelled i change my review to positive]Paid mods have been removed, hail TES.]Skyrim... Need I say more? Well yes, kinda. It is the best RPG made in my opinion and set the standards for all other RPGs. Should you buy this game? Yes. Should you buy the DLCs? Not for $19.99. Wait until they're on sale and then buy them. In the meantime download Falskaar/Wyrmstooth if you get bored.]The Elder ScrollsV: Skyrim is the BEST game ever made. Buy it, even if you do not have money, BUY IT and you'll be happy! Btw it'll steal your life]You cant describe this game you need to play it. I have more then 200 hours and i still play it!]Adventure Euphoria. Explore where you want, when you want. Customize your character however you want. Awesome environments and landscapes. A Must Play. Pros: Open World Exploration. Crisp 1st person medieval combat Create your own fighting style and improve abilities through usage. Massive amount of non-linear content to explore. Tremendously large modding community. Lots of excellent expansions. Fantastic Soundtrack. The bread looks delicious. Extremely dedicated mod community Cons: The default inventory system is kind of a mess, but mods can fix this if that sort of thing bothers you. On rare occasion you'll run into a bug, like mammoth's falling from the sky and such.]Well, needless to say that Skyrim is one of the best games around. Statistically it's the most played singleplayer game on Steam. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=438761906 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=437323008]Skyrim My most played game ever, played with only one character, yes these hundreds of hours were played with the same Nord. Pretty addictive gameplay, immerse graphics, beautiful music and most importantly: unique, unmatched atmosphere. You really feel, see, smell those mountains, the snowfall, the cold, the whole world. I spent many hours just wandering, travelling, and never got bored. If you like inexhaustible sandbox games, and have LOTS of free time to enjoy it, then this is your game.]Played about 150 hours on PS3 before buying legendary from steam. Still have not grown tired or touched the DLC content. A superior game. Also, mods greatly increase the lifetime.]This game is amazing! Even if it came out in 2011, it is one of the best games I have ever played.]This game is super good if you like/love RPG's or the other Elder Scrolls games. On its own, it has hours of content. With the dlc, it has even more hours. With mods, it has an infinite amount of time.]Amazing game! Whole lot to do, you will never get done with this game! Amazing graphics and gameplay. Mods are awesome too! 10/10]I role play as a butter with porn mods.]Love this game! I stopped playing it though because of my PC's Graphic Card(ITS CRAP!). Just get the game and slay the dragon!]A lengendary story, starts from an arrow in my knee, ends with death of a chicken ....... You can steal a man till naked 10/10]If This game was a potato it would be a good potato.]Spent 100 hours playing it on a PS3. Just completed the main storyline on PC spending 75 hours, and ready to spend another 750 hours. Once you start playing it, there is no turning back. 11.3/10]Everyone should at least try one of the Elder Scrolls games. :]]I waited to play through this game and get both DLCs prior to writing a review. The graphics hold up today, with mods added. If not still very beautiful and emmersive. A+ The story of multiple different quests had me enthralled from start to finish. Though you have to find the quests that you specifically enjoy. (Examples) I came across a Walking Dog that led me to it's talking deity that then ended in me deciding the dogs fate. I joined a legion to defeat Vampires, and then betrayed them. By becoming a Vampire helping the Lord of Vampires himself. I became the "Guardian" of Solitude before joining a rebellion to overthrow them. I walked across a ice lake in a different dimmension, that then led me to have to fight two dragons. I summoned a dragon to aid me fight, and it led to one of the most enjoyable scene of a realtime battle mechanic I have ever seen. I usually fade in fantasy style video games, but the immersive possibilities allowed me to still want more. Over a hundred of hours of quest experience, and can have more added with mods. Different race aspects, and many different styles of combat you may play. This is a must have for any form of "Gamer". As well as something a casual should ATLEAST give a try. One of the best purchases I have made, and I will be continuing to come back to this game to this day.]One of the most in-depth, visually stunning fantasy RPGs I have ever played. If you love fantasy RPGs like I do, you can't go wrong with this game.]If you have a console and think about getting this game on console...don't.The game on the console is the alpha version of the game,the game on pc is where it's all at. You have a ton of mods to chose from and your game will look 10 times better than it does on console...or it will looke like a completely new game,with changed climate,landscapes and whatever you want to do to the game.]It's good but most of the mods are terrible garbage. Too much garbage loot in these games too]its good]It's awesome! 10/10 will kill all of tamriel again.]It's a genuine open-world sandbox with breathtaking visuals and endless encounters. It's a simple yet fluid combat system that leaves fighting both balanced and challenging. It's a bottomless pit of lore through dialogue, interaction, and honest-to-God in-game short stories that brings a new meaning to "total immersion." It's a variety of options to remind you that the first two letters in RPG stand for "Role-Playing." It's using your voice to shout a dragon out of the sky, then stabbing it in the face with an enchanted sword you personally crafted. It's the Elder Scrolls. It's Skyrim. And now it's 5 dollars. It's waiting for you.]Killed a chicken whole ing village flips  and stabs me to death; 11/10 IGN WOULD DANK AGAIN!]Play this game. You've seen the hype. Now give in. There's a reason skyrim content still routinely makes the reddit frontpage: TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE STILL PLAY THIS and think it's good. You want example, boy? You can place buckets on people's heads.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a colossal and immersive world of exciting possibilities, interesting places, captivating adventures and emotionally fragile Scandinavians.]Chicken blew me up 10/10]-tier game until my folder becomes 500+gbs then it's worth it, 5/10]i watch furry stuff on website i get virus i download mod with bestiality i no get virus 10/10 use protection]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]T i t s <3]A must have game for all open world RPG fans, fantasy fans and even for your girlfriends. They can decorate houses, adopt kids n' stuff (WARNING: Hearthfire (3,3 - 4,99) and a girlfriend (???) is needed). All the quest lines were different, original and not repetitive. Sure you will face some minor glitches and bugs but there are no big deal at all and they shloud not affect your gameplay experience. "M'aiq is tired now. You go bother somebody else" PS: The people of Skyrim are more open-minded about certain things than people in other places which means SAME-SEX MARRIAGE IS POSSIBLE in Skyrim!]Very exciting game once you start off, but unfortuately you realise the simplicity and lack of depth as you play more and more. Combat is hack and slash, many quests are cloned 'fetch' or 'complete this dungeon' quests, and dungeons lack true diversity because there are so many. Paraphrasing TotalBiscuit, the game is the size of an ocean with the depth of a paddling pool. It is a shame because the game has potential. Mods can definitely improve your experience if you're willing to experiment but it can take time to compile a list and install them for your perfect experience. I've been wanting to do this for a while. Although my review appears negative, Skyrim will provide you with many hours of enjoyment before it gets repetitive even without mods, so I do recommend it.]got on my horse, merged with my follower, shot up into the sky, fell back down, and died. three seperate times.]I was willing to spend 400 hours playing this game, and willing to spend 400 more hours just to explore the diverse, and beautiful world of skyrim!]I love this game so much the graphics are really good i played and completed the story about 10 times and it was still fun because you can be a mage or a warrior or a assassin and a archer or whatever you want. I was a mage at first i was a mage who was really good at healing so i let lydia do all the work next i played as a battlemage i used a steel sword and fire and then i was a archer then a assassin then my fav a warrior just going in and killing people like it was nothing they were like don't kill me and i was like nope and about 5 mins later there was a camp of bandits with no heads and it's just really fun. The dragon battles are fun but i wish they where more common i have only met about 6 dragons in the wild the dragon shouts are amazing fus ro dah and you could send someone off a cliff so i would give this game a 9/10]Best game ever made cant wait for online]fanstic game 5 out of 5]Macho man randy savage dragons. what else do you need?]An amazing game to have and I cannot wait to see what the next Elder Scrolls will be like for the next the GEN Consoles! One game will be for the record books once more!]Thank you steam for letting me buy both DLC's this morning, before the sale. Really nice of you to help me spend more money. Thanks alot...]The finest game i have ever played.]Of all the games I play.. this is the one that always has a cozy fire and a hot cup of steaming chocolate ready to welcome me back. It's the game that welcomes me with a big friendly smile and open arms. Even when I keep playing away it says, 'come on home' and gives me a nice warm hug. It must surely be the best game of all time. I don't know if I will ever finish it - but then, I don't really want to. I have it both on PS3 and here on PC. I have restarted it several times playing different characters. It has not dated at all, in no small part due to a large modding community, many HD updates and a friendly community. There must be more mods for this game than there are devious politicians. If you don't already own it you need to correct the error of your ways immediately or expect to be disciplined! You know who you are and you know you want it. Should you get the legendary edition? Look into my eyes, what do you think. Just say "Yes Miss"]You want to build a house, and never live in it. Make that Three of them!! THen buy this game!! But there's more! You'll find that every city you visit throws a house at you!!! And all you end up doing is becoming a horder!! Release your inner klepto and stash it in one of the many houses you own, and never use it again! Want to eat twenty 10 pound cheese wheels with no ill effects at once... THEN DO It my friends. This is the game for you! For you will get sucked into the world of wonder where you can do so much you wished in your life. Sleep standing?! Posh! WHO needs sleep!! You can run for weeks, and never tire!! You can become a Werewolf or Vampire... Once you destroy the Sun you never have to worry about the pesky burning feeling. FISHING!!!!!!!!!! ITs all in this game. Including that NAGGING WIFU YOU WANTED!!!!!!!!!!!! DRAGONNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]This game is amazing. It contains tons of lore and unique questlines. Also, got killed by a mudcrab. 10/10.]INCREDIBLE, but I felt that some of the main questlines could have been better, but WHO PLAYS TES GAMES FOR MAIN QUESTLINES!]I havent showered in months. 12/10]Its like a first person Zelda that decided to be emo. 9.5/10 Stars.]The Best ..]This game i amazing. but sometimes when things popup while im in game,it freezes the game but other than that its fin]Amazing game worth money spent and even more!]Okay I can tell you that if you have played Oblivion you would have most likely gone for this game aswell if you liked it or if you are not sure or want to know what they changed here's what has changed, the oblivion main quest was absoultely brilliant and this one...well it is not as good but there more features and some new creatures at the cost of old ones and there are some satisfying killmoves in the game that make you feel more like you just killed them - you destroyed them! However some of the quests in this are quite bland and far to rewarding for the task E.g spoke to a guy in a bar and started a quest for him to deliver a message or something and the person he wanted it sent to was sat right next to him - no joke - and I got 250 gold for it, in Oblivion you would have to slay a  entire town full of imperial guards (oblivion version) to get that kind of money so half of the time in Oblivion I would become right criminal scum and would try pickpocketing, search barrels for anything to sell and would be over the moon finding 1 gold coin because cave raiding was certain doom for low levels and people of bad equipment in skyrim finding a gold coin is like finding a free potato, you may not need it but will still take it and add to the forgotten pile. What they did right: - made it easier to level up in skyrim (you could only level up on certain skills you picked on oblivion if your alchemy went up but was only a minor skill, well tough  you are staying level 12) - Guards are much easier to defeat (in Oblivion if you stole a potato and didn't have money or want to go to jail then be prepared to be hunted down relentlessly and cut down like the criminal scum they come across daily, also they won't randomly dart at you from a field in the middle of nowhere and question you about it) - fighting things are easier (oblivion had some really tough battles in them and at least once you would have to run away from a fight and would die at least several times if not then you are a god at Oblivion and I salute you) - civil war, choose a side and fight to the death ( gotta love getting revenge on those imperial guards if you played oblivion) - the graphics are really good ( and better with some mods) What was wrong? - The main quest is just quite bad to other titles in TES (in Oblivion you were protecting the cities from huge gates and hellish creatures and retaking cities from the evil with the town guard which feels like an achievement on its own) - There isn't as good factions or faction quests (oblivion had some really good faction quests especially with the dark brotherhood not gonna spoil but things keep flipping and so much drama happens there was also the fighters guild and mages guild and there was an arcane college but you had to get recommendations from all the guild halls in all the cities to get in which made it feel so much more challenging than just casting a spell to the woman outside.) all-in-all this game is great I have fun using a bow and other inventory I would suggest getting legendary editon for more quests and armors Etc. at the end of the day this is my opinion of the game and I find it great to play and have so much freedom to do what I want in it but try it for yourself.]Good lord, the sheer amount of things to do is enough to make one's head spin. This game rightfully deserves to be heavily played years after its original release. I know I'm not breaking any new ground by speaking highly of it, but I've certainly gotten my money's worth and then some.]This is a Keeper this game has given me hours if not Days of fun and keeps giveing more and more]Rating: Tubular, Dude! This game summs up all together a game that I would most like to play. It's got the lush landscapes ranging from Snowy ice caps to heated boggs, It's got the emmense gameplay that keeps you hanging on wanting to see more, and it even has the traditional Elder scrolls lag after you've downloaded too many CBBE mods. I simply love this game, and can't wait to see what else Bethesda can crap all over us to make money. Although, I'd rather play Super Mario brothers 2.]Ive spent 300 hour sin this game on Xbox and maybe 100 on pc, its still Worth my money today. If you like to kill dragons and Explore the big world of skyrim then this is the game for you]How to play Skyrim - Immersive Edition: -Install game -Spend 7 days downloading and installing mods (8K textures are essential) -Load Game, if possible -Take Screenshot -CTD -Try again in 6 months]Skyrim is an excellent RPG capable of suck many hours from your life. It tells numerous engaging stories and delivers an immersive experience in the frozen nothern lands of Skyrim. If you've played other Elder Scrolls titles you have a decent idea of what to expect, if not you're likely going to be pleasantly suprised. The Steam Workshop mod support for this game open up a contanstly growing database of new, east to install content. Well worth the money.]One of the deepest RPG experiences ever and does the Elder Scrolls franchise justice, The story is creative and unique and excellent. combat isn't as deep as games like Witcher 2 however its easy combat system allows for the game to be accessible to all. The modding community & scene within the game is amazing, if you are looking for a way to change the dynamic of the game or just a aesthetic change there will most likely be a mod for it, weapons, armor, quests its all there. the Graphics are still quite good especially with the HD texture pack and combined with a ENB the game looks glorious. its a MUST BUY.]I highly recommend this RPG.]It is over, sons and daughters of Skyrim. The paywall for mods have been lifted. We won. Praise Talos!]Super addictive, fun, and worth the price]Not sure why I'm writing a review for this game when I could be playing it.]Skyrim is a game i would recommend to all players it has amazing graphics a good story and plenty of fun and dangerous quests to play through. The beggining is no different from most Elder Scrolls since once again the story starts with you being in prison or arrested. But past that Skyrim opens you to a new world full of caves,dungeons,cities,camps,and houses all throughout the world. But I also have problems with the game since th PC version is very glitchy. I sometimes take armor off a armor stand and put new armor on it then come back to see the old armor has duplicated replacing the armor I had put on there. You might think oh you now can give that armor to your followers or sell it! But this happens nearly everytime you leave your house and it is very frustrating. The game also glitches on quests causing me to go back to previous game files which is bad and is something that needs to be fixed. But in all Skyrim will always be one of the best games to ever be made. I have never seen any game like it and never will. 9/10]I just NAILED two Dragons at the same time in this game. I hate to admit it but the feeling was better than the feeling I get at the end of coitus. If you have a job, you're going to get fired. If you go to school, you're going to get F's. If you have a girl/guy, they're not going to hear from you for about a week. If I had to chose between doing coke or playing this game I would do coke because it seems like the less addicting choice. Best game of the decade by far.]If you're looking for an amazing RPG well then POLICE,POLICE THERE IS A MAD MAN SHOPPING FOR A ROCKET LAUNCHER!But seriously if you don't have this game all i can say is why.The graphic look stunning,the controls work really well,the story is a big upgrade from oblivion and when i say big i mean BIG,And th gameplay is so fun you could sit at your computer for hours,also the game is modable.Enough has been said.]It is SKYRIM why would you not recommend this game! IT GIVES OUT FREE INTERNAL ORGANS!]Murdered a whole family and was fined 240 gold 10/10]Best game ever, too many good points about this game that this would go on forever. My favourite game, incredible adventure's. So buckle up your horse and run up mountains (if that exicites you). Buy it, now!!!]I will just say SKYRIM]It's like if sex and Nutella had a child in the form of a video game]One of those games you will remember and perhaps play 5-10 years after it came out. Skyrim shines by very early on letting you into a vast open world where you can go anywhere. You can pick a direction and go. Along the way you will find all sorts of interesting quests, NPC's, treasure, etc. The game is an RPG where you level up based on the Skills you use. The more skills/talents you use, the more exp you gain. You gain perk points upon leveling up to increase skill trees related to almost anything you can think of in an RPG (Warrior, thief, lockpicking, armor, etc). Combat is a little simple, but still fun. There are vast amounts of weapons to choose from, you can use magic, you can use quick or heavy attacks, you can block, and parry to stun. First and 3rd person cameras are available. I could spend pages describing the different weapons and spells. Its got a great story, good graphics, and almost infinite gameplay. The real magic comes from the modders. There are so many amazing mods out there for this game. From the quality of life changes like SKY-UI, to graphical encancement mods (ENB), to full new areas and quests added you can find almost anything you want. The game is all about the adventure YOU create for yourself. My only negatives to note would be the combat. Its fun, but I just wish it was a little deeper in strategy. I still enjoy it, but if there was one area the game is lacking a little its the combat (just a little bit lacking). A must own game and a MUST MOD game. Just remember use Skyrim nexus and not Steam workshop. Nexus does not censor any content, most big amazing mods are only on the Nexus, and their mod manager is very useful.]Definitley a breakthrough in RPG's.]Like Skyrim with- Oh wait.]I read a book in this game...]It's ing Good]BEST GAME EVER 5M/10.... soo much to do! if you run out of things.... MODZ. Nuff Said]see that mountain? you can awkwardly walk/jump up it at an unreasonably slow pace]good game have been playing for a few years now beat the game about 2 times and still havent finished it yet i love this game !]Great game! have it for console too.]you can ride a dragon 69/69 would ride again]This isn't just a game, this is life! No really, I do not know of what one could dislike about this game. Whilst it does scream "like me" as a game title, you can't help but love it as much as it wants you too. The storyline in Skyrim is amazingly immersive the first time you play through it. While I played through it I felt a since of Urgency to stop Alduin and save Tamerial from him. The only real downside to this game is that there's not really the ability to be an evil character per example, why not rule beside Alduin instead of killing him? Why not kill the greybeards once you've the ability to or kill all the jarl's and declare yourself King of Skyrim? The lack of options in those specific area's are a downside to it. However there's so much content here that you'd be an idiot not to buy it. This game is to me, the definition of perfection easily the best game I've played through and then it gets even better with mods. Case closed this is a 10 out of 10.]If you havent played this game, then i feel sorry for you. This game isn't for everyone but it is a great game. It has a great storyline that made me feel like I never ran out of things to do. You dont have to do the story because it is open world. You can go any where and the map is huge. There are lots of weapons and spells to fight beings and dragons. Oh wait i forgot to say it has FREAKING DRAGONS. If you wonder if this game is worth it, well it is. The graphics look next gen, but the game was made in 2011. That is impressive.]Pros: Probably one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played! Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Cons: You don't have a real life after you play this game lol]As a person with attention deficit disorder, I generally find that ten hours is the best that I can dedicate to a game without getting bored of it. I'm well past that in skyrim and am still enjoying the gameplay.]I can't stop playing someone please help me...]Amazing game, lots to do, if you have never played this game then you have never lived.]The complete medieval-era game, with gorgeous features and breath-taking moments]Although it reeks of the Fallout new vegas game still the best Elder Scrolls yet, I prefer to it ESO! Love the story and it fits in with DF MW and OBLV well.]it was intense in a good way]This is an epic game!!!!!!!!! Its one of my favorites but not my absolluter favorite. The great thing about is mostley NEVER LAG.]Amazing game. If your computer can handle it, the graphics look AMAZING. I would not recommend playing vanilla, add some mods! Spice it up a bit! The gameplay is good, controls are good, has 1 to 1 headtracking. Hours and hours of fun. If you are reading this and you have completed every quest in Skyrim ever, I congratulate you. If you have just bought Skyrim, I encourage you to finish the main questline at your own pace, not right away. Anways, the game is great, totally worth the money.]This game is Ca-Ray-Zay]The Best Game For Messing Around]"I AM THE DRAGONBORN WEARING A HAT WITH BADASS HORNS"]So, I'm not much for reviews but honestly this game needs one written by me. This game was one of the games I really wanted but never laid my own eyes on for awhile then I obtained it for my Xbox as well as my computer. The first time playing it I felt like throwing my computer out of a window because I didn't understand the mechanics. Then I learned to love this game. It has loading screens sure! But they're entertaining to read because they will give you a 3D model to play with and some lore related hints as well as very helpful hints. The main story was interesting but scary, In a good way like you're randomly called to arms as the "Dragonborn" and you have to complete the prophecy of killing one of the strongest enemies tamriel history. And if you're like me then you will shiver the first time playing this. But it's good that it feels so real. Everyone watches movies with someone called at an impossible task and you're like "I wonder what it feels like to be the hero like that?" this is the game to find out what's it's like. Plus them game is beautiful, Insanely beautiful. I play alot of RPGs and I have never encountered one just like this. It's utterly unique. This game will make you raise higher than you have ever been. It will also will lower you lower than you have ever been. You can go from saving tamriel and trusting the greybeards then go to sovngarde to slay the world-eater or You could betray the greybeards and help the old and powerful blades on their conquest to serve the dragonborn. You will either be the hero that obeys the laws, save the innocent and slay the evil or you could be the villian that slays the innocent and serves the evil dremora. Or you could be entirely neutral! Either ways it is YOUR decision on everything. It's entirely your decision on who you want to be. You could be a friendly orc that gives people golden rings or you could be a high elf that burns down villages. You can serve any of the gods that suites you best. Hell, you could even serve a daedric prince! You could be the general of the stormcloaks or the legate of the empire! Then if you want to be an archer so be it! Find yourself a bow and some arrows or you could be a powerful mage! Or maybe a bit of both. The customation is limitless! You don't have to just be a fighter, You can be a smith or a enchanter then again you could be a alchemist. You can have a wife or a husband depending on who YOU want to be. The game never ceases to amaze me. The difficulty never changes the creatures will scale to your level then some will just be hard the rest of the game as well as some monsters like wolves are just there to say "Hi". So keep in mind who you're dealing with. Maybe if you are about to fight something strong do some research. This game will show you what it's like to be the "Chosen one" to save a planet. The DLCs cost much but are certainly worth it. One you will learn what it means to be Dragonborn by fighting the very first dragonborn. Another will let you live life with your family in a house and a child. Then the last one will make you shiver as you fight vampires or become one. Thanks to this game having a workshop you can even expand the world. This game will teach you that life is what you make of it. You can either make lemonade with your lemons or throw them back at the world! You can break the law at your own will be you will learn there will be a punishment. You can help the people of skyrim and feel the greatness of helping someone out the reward will not matter to you just the smile on their face as you give them back their prized whatever it is. Or you can help people just get some coin in your pocket either way it doesn't matter. You can be the best blackmailer or the nicest person alive. You can learn the history of skyrim, heck you can even learn the history of all of tamriel! If you haven't and or don't want to play the previous titles no problem! They have hidden books all over skyrim that tell you the story of Oblivion and earlier titles. If you love a game that isn't too much for you to take in and love a customation at the same time being your own person then this game is for you. If you love slaying dragons with just three words and terrorising villages you will love this game. If you want to save people from the evils of the planet and gain some new friends this will be your standing stone of glory! I heavily recommend this game for any of those people out there that want a new adventure that will change your life!]It's neato]It's a big open world game, that doesn't feel boring or just filled with randomness. It's a great gaming experience as a whole. It's especially a wonderful game if you're an RPG fan, however it appeals to most audiences. Positive: - A world filled with great places to explore. - Main quests and side quests that feels fun to carry out. - Great combat that challenges your skills. - A fine story and not just a lot of filling boring chitchat. - Fast loading, rendering and saving. Remembers where things are left in the world etc. Negative: - The puzzles are adding to the whole of the game, but they could have been more fun and challenging. - Sometimes the animations are a bit stiff. The characters could have had better facial expressions. - There are still bugs and glitches in the game. - Only singeplayer. There could have been co-op for missions and/or pvp. However not every game necessarily needs MP. My verdict so far: 10/10.]When I first entered the world of Skyrim, I was immersed in a fantasy setting where I was quickly thrust into a position of power and entrusted with the responsibility to save the world. This is where the fantasy stops. Similarly to any human suddenly gifted with immesurable power I proceeded disregard the responsibilities of my newfound abilities and proceeded to instead enact horrible deeds on the city's guards and townsfolk. It begins to become painfully clear that Skyrim is not as much of a fantasy game as it is a digital exression of the depravity of humans when given the means to enact their deep and twisted desires. An excellent existential simulator questioning the depth of vileness to which a human soul can delve into, Skyrim poses many deep philosophical points such as tyrrany, racism and the uselessness of having a %based pickpocket system if you have quicksave and quickload and reaching the ultimate conclusion of 'f*ck it, if you kill dragons you must be right'.]Skyrim oh glorius skyrim. This game could be my favorite of all time. I must have made 20+ characters playing this game because I was so curios as to the different options to choose from. Going in to it I had no idea the lore or universe of the scrolls franchise but immediatley delved in. The lore is intereting and makes sense. The universe of the game feels somewhat freindly as you step into the open wilds of the tundra but talk to npc's and as you complete quests you begin to notice really how many insane problems Skyrim has. The game invites you to be a strong nordic viking, a stealthy theiving cat, or an expert mage. In all honesty though it encourages you to mix and match and do whatever you want. For example like being an elf who wears heavy armor or a nord who slits throats with dual daggers. It dosent really have many boundraies unlike some of bethesdas other games like fallout which is also one of my favorites despite bugs or flaws. I dont have a counter but I've put a lot of hours into this game(if you look at steam playtime it might be realtivley small because I used to play on 360). There are a number of things you can do like: -Finish the main quest -Get the best weapons and armor through smithing(very tedious) -Complete the companions quest line and other spoilers that I will not say -Complete the mages guild quest line -Complete the theives guild quest line -Complete the dark brotherhood quest line or destroy it by talking to Commander Caius -Choose sides in the great war and complete the quests to restore order for your chosen faction -Investigate the forsworn consipacy -If you have Dawnguard, Dragonborn, or hearthfire dlcs defintley do all you can in them -Do quests for the many daedric lords -Fufill side quests for the trobuled people in skyrim -Get as many Thu'um shouts as you can and kill as many dragons as you can -If you can get mods GET THEM the modding community has very talented people in it -And most inportantly have fun in the world and FusRoDah any guard that says he took an arrow in the knee 10/10]i do recommend this game]Huge sandbox game, with awesome storyline and lots of side quests and small puzzles to do. Epic adventure awaits you in this game.]Saw an offensive pornography modification on the Skyrim Nexus and I had to analyse it on its level of sexiness. I was required to enter the angle of penetration and divide it by the cosine of x. I then weighed the apparatus used appropriately, so that the shlongs used were more than apt for deep penetration. I then 3D printed a model of this modification, and use it to compensate for my extreme height and lack of pornography (which I reject to watch - pigfilth the lot of it). To conclude, do not buy this game. It is a pornographic game with a sick twisted community that will only purchase it for the bouncing breasts and buttocks. Highly recommend. -Henry Mellor 2015]Skyrim, without a doubt, is one of the greatest games ever created. It has a lush open world that is ready to explore, every customization option you could crave, robust and intelligent quests, memorable moments and secrets hidden deep within if you are willing to look (DARK BROTHERHOOD). For example, I have clocked 25 hours and am still nowhere near completing the main story or finishing a fraction of the side quests, I would be surprised if I finished this before clocking 100 hours and I wouldn't be surprised if I end up clocking 1000. Worth the money, worth the time. Every person should treat themselves to this experience.]Ran around, saw a deer, killed the dear. Ran around, saw a wolf, killed the wolf. Ran around, saw a bear, killed the bear Ran around, saw a bandit, killed the bandit. Ran around, found a ruin, found a bunch of drauger, killed the drauger. Ran around, found a dragon, killed the dragon. Ran around, found a chicken, killed the chicken, arrested for killing chicken. Ran around, found a fox, followed the fox, fox led me to a saber tooth cat and it killed me, I now kill foxs. Ran around, found a giant, shot a arrow at the giant thinking I was a boss, giant than hit me and sent me flying like a plane. Ran around, found a dragon skull popping out of the ground, no seriously it was like a dragon plant or something. Ran around, found a Khajit called Kharjo, Kharjo is now my best friend who helps me fight dragon plants. 10/10 would play again]Very good game really appreciate ! thx.]I love this game!!! so endless!! the music, the quests, everything...can spend hours just exploring and go and kill some draugr, deathlords, spiders, etc, so many things you can kill too xD or make friends...For me there was little bugs, so I was really happy about it. I really recommend, if you like to explore and just have fun doing side quests, some are like fetch this fetch that, but on the way you can talk to certain people and get more quests! its fun overall :3 Really recommend this to everyone ^_^bb <3]This game is just as great as it was 3 years ago, and with the contribution of the countless mods on the workshop and nexus, it is still way better than alot of recent games. It has an unlimited replay vaule with loads of different play styles, meaning there will be new stuff to find in every playthrough. 10/10 BRING ON ELDER SCROLLS 6!!!]This game is by default, Amazing. I recomend this to all and every gamer because there is no doubt that they will like it.]Recently started playing again, and immediately I was greeted with that old beautiful engine. Added some mods and then it got even better. With the addition of various Immersion mods, it really feels like I am right there in Tamriel. The snow feels cold and the rain wet. Can't wait for the next installment.]Excellent game. Worth every penny spent for the hours of entertainment value gained. Also, happens to be one of the less buggy Bethesda products.]buy and feel the story of the game.]How does this game keep getting to the top selling games everytime it goes on sale? How is it possible that people don't have this game already?]The only shortcoming of this game is that everyone, every NPC, has a Zero Tolerance policy: try to pickpocket Ralof and you will regret if you haven't saved earlier. Other than that, this game is perfect. Anyway... children shouldn't come here to avoid nightmares]I can mod willies flopping around everywhere. Nuff said.]It's okay]Definately one of my favorite games in my collection, I have little over 150ish hours in this game just on PC. Yes, I know that this is not a long time, but i have near 1000 in console. If you like open world games where you are pretty much free to do anything you choose, this game is for you!]This game is fun with friends!]This is a game that no one has ever heard about, just kidding. Great game, good follow up after oblivion and never gets old. Even if it does get old, theres hundreds of mods]So much to do, endless hours of replayability with mods.]This has to be 1 of the best games created, how can it be so addictive ?]One of the best modern rpgs. You can really lose yourself in this type of game. Hundreds upon hundreds of hours can be poured into this game. The game is molded to how ever you want to play it. Your skills and weapons are your choice. To reach the maximum flexibility and fun of the game I recommend to pick up the Legendary edition and get modding! You can add quests, new lands, Armour, weapons, creatures, textures and even make yourself a regular joe in skyrim. 10/10]Hours of Fun!]This is just an amazing game, there is just so much to discover. Just AWESOME :) :D]Amazing game as always.]One of the greatestt games of all time]So damn addictive.. played till 5 am in the morning.. got up at 11:30 and started playing again :D .. Dayum!!]this game is so much better on pc then it is on ps3 i love it]Without a doubt one of the best games I've ever played! It's practically never-ending, and there's always something to do. If you like to play a game for a long period of time, this is definitely the game for you!]I first played this game on xbox 360 and completed the entire game and DLC. I then purchased it on my computer and have had an absolutely wonderful experience on my second play through. I have over 200 hours of game time into modding alone and still havent finished the main quest. The modding community has put the game into the beyond ps4 era if you have the hardware. I have nothing but good remarks and can honestly say this may be my favorite game of all time (Zelda is a close second). If your on the fence with this one, delve into Skyrim because you can make this game better than anything that will come out in the next five years if you have the patience and determination. Don't believe it, check out my screenshots.]This game is totally BADASS! I loved Oblivion and i love Skyrim too, i definitly recommend this game to all RPG fans... Stay awesome Bethesda!]Still one of the best RPG's you can get! Got a total playtime of over 600h and still can't get enough of it. Graphic is with the HD Textures and mods amazing. The Mod community is just great and if the normal game bores you, you can always get some amazing mods and the game will be as amazing like when you played it for the first time!]BEST GAME EVER,Lost My Life Becuse of This Game,99999999/5 stars]Love it! Havent jumped into all the DLC yet but so far so good.]I love Skyrim and I will be playing TESO as well. If you ahve not played any of the Elder Scrolls games please give them a try.]Quite a good game in default. Level scaling is not as much obvious as was in Oblivion. For best playthrough, I suggest of using some overhaul mods which makes it perfect]GREAT GAME BUY IT U FILTHY]Even after playing this game so many times it still has not lost any playablilty and this is due to the great work everyone is doing through the workshop.]Surely a game this massive in scale requires a review of similar proportion. Where do I begin? The graphics? The gameplay? The lore? I'll start at the beginning. First off, this game is nothing like Roller Coaster Tycoon. In fact, Skyrim and RCT are about as far away from each other on the spectrum of gaming as they can be. So if you're looking for a quality theme park building/management simulator (or any theme park building/management simulator), do not look to the Elder Scrolls series. You begin your quest as a lowly prisoner in the back of a wagon. The offense is border hopping, and the punishment is death by axe (sure beats a big ol' wall, huh U.S. government?). On the way to the execution you meet fellow prisoner Roggvir, a key member in a group of rebels called the Stormcloaks, who want to take back Skyrim from the Imperial Legion (the people who are executing you) and put the Nords back in command. When you arrive at the execution...place in Helgen, a guard asks you for your name. Now say what you want about the Imperial Legion, but these people have some patience. I sat there for 45 minutes thinking of a name and rearranging my race, face, and gender to my liking, and they just waited for me to finish. Finally I decided on Jikrel, a magician/juggler inspired by my hero, Penn Jillette. Properly named and pampered, I'm ready to get my head chopped off! Just before the axe comes down, however, a conveniently timed plot device* swoops down and proceeds to burn the city to the ground. It is at this point that the player can decide whether to escape with Roggvir, the handsome rebel with a cause, or someoneelseIforgothisname, a dirty Imperial pig. While the choice doesn't make a difference at this point in the game, it presents the player with the concept of choosing sides in a convoluted, almost entirely pointless side quest involving the great Civil War of Skyrim. Racist rebels or idiotic Imperials? The choice is yours to make (or not). Once you've escaped, you're free to go anywhere in the overworld you desire, do any side quests you want, tackle the main storyline, or just goof around and break the game's A.I. I opted for the latter. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of things to do in Skyrim, it's just that most of them aren't fun or interesting. I tried to give the main quest a go, but around the seventeenth plot device* and ninth fetch quest or so, I just got sick of it and quit. I had to replace the stock plot device* fighthing music to a pitched-down rendition of Frank Zappa's "No Not Now" just to make it that far. I'm going to be honest here: the most fun I've had playing this game I've had roleplaying a psychopathic serial rap-ist/ene-ma bandit/murderer that slits people's throats, dry humps their still warm corpses and dumps them in the nearest river/crevice/humorous location he can find. What this says about myself, I don't know. But I do know what it says about the game's quests: they're not good. In fact, I found the game's quests were obstructing my overall goal of blindly murdering everything in my path. Ever since Oblivion, Bethesda has felt the need to make certain NPC's that are essential to the game's completion unkillable. I had to download a mod so that I could kill them and thus continue having fun. Oh, and don't get me started on the mods! Nude mods, "better female" mods, "sexy armor" mods, what is this a sick joke?! How horny are you people?! But I digress. To sum it up: Skyrim is worse than Oblivion because it is better than Oblivion. Bethesda don't seem to realize that their games are inherently goofy and are perfect that way. The more they try to make it "badass" or "epic" or the more bad face textures and A.I. bugs they fix the worse it gets. I don't even think the intended audience for these games takes them seriously considering the number of great dumb mods there are out there (Battletoad Rash!) All in all, I'd buy it because it's still a pretty enjoyable experience and I'm sure everybody can find something to do in this massively dumb role-playing action-adventure game. Oh, and the graphics are pretty good I guess. 7/10 *plot device=dragon]what can i say really that as not already been said its a pretty awesome game]fun.. As long as you don't mind running around like a headless chicken]Syrim is the perfect mix between action and adventure. The creatability and choices make this game easily my favorite. the endles amount of quests and story make it a non stop joy ride. And the graphice? They can't be beat. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND]this is a great game]This is a very fun game but Eventually gets a little boring.. Until you fight some dragons!!!]This game is sick. It is such a big and beautiful world with so many places to explore. 2 years later with new DLC installed and this game is still awesome to play. Plus the endless mods are always fun to try.]It's like Oblivion, only with beliveable characters, and a good story, and fun gameplay, and unique locations to explore, and reasonable system requirements, and all those other things they forgot to put into Oblivion because they were too busy masturbating over shaders and poorly optimized textures. So it's like Oblivion only good.]Love it, can play play play, then leave it and come back again and again. love the mods you can get.]Reallt fun game..... be a Dark Elf!!!]Look no further. This game is AWSOME!]What else do I have to say besides one of the most addicting games on the planet!!!!!!]One of the manliest RPG games on the planet duh you have to buy it!]if you love a game full of adventure and modding along with blasting ppl with a shout this is a game for you xD]Although I only recently purchased skyrim, I must thank a good friend of mine to give me his copy. I accumulated over 600hrs since 2012, and I had to buy the game for myself. Skyrim is not without its flaws, suffering from a bland main plot and some bugs. But this is one of those games that you will never put down. Like all other Elder Scrolls games, the world and lore is giant and immersive. After completed the main storyline quickly, I was a little disappointed. The main storyline leaves much to be desired, but that is not what kept me playing Skyrim. There are multiple story arcs that you may complete that do not necessarily contribute to the main storyline, some are great, others are tetius. I only put maybe 30hrs into the main storyline, and after that is when Skyrim really begins to shine. Exploring Skyrim is amazing, reading lore, discovering dwemer ruins, participating in a civil war, it never gets old. At this point, modding is a great idea. Installing an ENB makes it look better than some games released in late 2013, mods that add quests and expand on the world, with mods the game is truly endless. I will never stop playing Skyrim. 9.5 Near Perfect.]Really worth spending my cash on. But only one word can describe this game, and that is "Amazing". I Mean the graphics, the storyline, the fighting, its just breathtaking. Definitly Recommend buying this game when you have the chance!]BEST GAME EVER MADE BY THE LEGENDARY EDITOIN WORTH IT BUY NOW 10/10]In this game ye get tae stab people]ruined my non existent life. but i love it lewl]The way it is with all Bethseda Games: Beautiful world, great setting, short main storyline, interesting side story, many many sidequests, much to see and much to do - the other side of the coin? Bugs - bugs everywhere. Glitchin through objects and gettin stuck - NPC's glitchin around, quests not starting, some quests become stuck and can't be completed, random CTD's and so on - thanks to the Community, there are Unofficial Patches for the game and the DLC's and boy, they are needed - Bestheda, one question - What would you do, without the Community that loves your games? Let me answer that question for you - You would be out of business in 6 months. And for the enhanced game experience, go get yourself a lot of mods. But be careful of the random CTD's.]Now I have a girl playing Skyrim with me. I love her, I love myself and I love Skyrim. We'll both be adventurers.]Had it console, got bored after 300 hours, got it on PC now I have an infinite time waster due to mods, this game's gunna ruin my life...]This game is like another world. The atmosphere is perfect, combat flawless, and graphics astonishing. Along with workshop addons it doesn't get much better than this.]Skyrim is one of the best gaming experiences of this generation, if only for the amazing array of mods that have been produced for it. Do yourself a favor; take the time to mod this game, you won't regret it.]While Oblivion in the original game better and made with much more care than Skyrim but mods are what make the game making the ropey vanilla visuals to Crysis-level graphics,improve the gameplay,add items,add stories,add maps,add quests,add characters,skins,weapons anything is possible! 10/10!]One phrase....While the game is already AWESOME I found that a mod here or there really made the game alot more enjoyable.That is until i went crazy with the mods and i had like 50 mods installed and the game still did not lag..ANYWAY its an amazing game.I suggest it to anyone who likes to use a sword,sneak up on people and shoot them with a bow in their  or if you like magic]A bear killed a dragon. 11/10]This game rocks. An RPG that is totally explorable. It is so big you get lost in it]This game is never ending, it will take over your whole life. Don't even bother getting the dlc, because it will just pull you in even more. Till one day you wake up to see a dragon hovering over you.]An absolutely wonderful timesink. First time I've played a game in this series, so I can vouch for its accesibility, and the mods available for this game allow for a truly varied experience from person to person. It is a first person action medieval warfare game where you go on quests in an open world. Easily one of the best games of the last few years. All of the DLC is a little overpriced - getting the Legendary Edition is the way to go, but Dragonborn is worth $10 or so, Dawnguard about $5, and Hearthfire only about $2.50. All of them warrant a look if you enjoy the game, though.]Great Game , Great History , live another life , be another hero , be a villain , you choose !!! The most important part of this game for me was the history , that u can modify every moment. Divine parts of the game that make me love it , and one of them was the end of main history that makes u feel complete with yourself . Some npcs are dumb , but others are really smart that makes the game equilibrated . Every choose can have different reactions . This is art in pixels , this is skyrim .]This game is truly amazing. It is worth every penny. This game has mod support, and there are thousands of mods out there, that make this game never get boring. This is a must buy.]This is maybe the best RPG game, if not the BEST game of all time. The map is HUGE and it has many side quests and random quests and you can really just do whatever, from Murdering citizens to riding dragons!]This is one of the best RPG games i've ever played. 9/10]Bethesda has outdone themselves yet again with Skyrim. Perfecting the open world genre and building upon their previous games, Skyrim is a perfect open world fantasy action-RPG. There are a limitless amount of side quests and a plethora of primary quests and guild missions. This game will keep you busy for at least 100s of hours, maybe more depending on your play style. The game supports multiple play types and character classes and is one of the few RPGs to allow you to multi-class. This game is completely worth the list price and in my opinion, is the best fantasy game on the market today.]I played this game for almost 500 hours.]good game lots of fun cant wait for elder scrolls online]Top class open-world RPG. In terms of content, scope, and general ambition it's incredible. Worth every penny.]Wonderful game if you want an open world with quite a bit to do. The expansions add more to the wonderful lore that is Elder Scrolls. A great game, but fairly glitchy, even with mods. Recomend going to Nexus to find mods that interest you.]It's never too late to buy this game. Buy it right now. Now. NOW. NOW!]Skyrim Is probably the most Beautiful Elder Scrolls games ever, and one of the best games ever. The map is fun to explore with many different characters to fall in love with. Its one of the only games I enjoy levelling up my Miscellanious skills (Blacksmithing speech etc.) You Are not a gamer if you never played a tleast one of the Elder scrolls games , so If you haven't, Skyrim is the place to Start. Although, not even a year after buying the game I found that I was heavily relying on different mods and DLC. The story is basically the same no matter what and even though there are some small choices, there isn't a lot for an RPG. The choices all lead to the same out come (just some different dialogue).]Skyrim is truly one of the best games I have ever played! It has endless hours of fun in the base game, plus a huge collection of mods and three massive expansions! If you haven't taken the plunge into TES 5, do it now!]Easily the greatest game I have ever played.]my gran was pro at skyrim before she embarked on a journey to find true peace and solitude with the greybeards please honour her and buy the game]One of the best singleplayer open world RPGs I ve ever played.]To be honest if you're reading Skyrim reviews it's not because you're on the fence about actually buying the game so I don't feel the need to write some form of lengthy review of the most well known RPG of the past decade. **EDIT: Apparently Valve removed monetization of mods...for now. I am keeping my editorial rant up but changing my recommendation because, frankly, Skyrim really is just a damn fine game. The language of the PR release, however, suggests that they are going to come out something else, so becoming complacent in victory would be an extremely bad idea. For a sense of context I want to point out I am all for mod makers being compensated for their work through donations. I have no problem donating money to mod makers if they provide me with a worthwhile addition to my game and give this addition free of upfront charge. I understand the amount of work some of these people put into their mods and I wholeheartedly think they deserve SOMETHING for their passion and work. Turning mods into DLC is, however, insulting to not only me as a gamer, but the mod maker as they become an exploited worker. This doesn't have to be the case. They can all make money and make people happy at the same time if they weren't so f*cking greedy to start with. If Steam RADICALLY changes the system to be ONLY DONATIONS; ONLY DONATIONS taking less then 20% for themselves and Bethesda, then all involved would make far more money total and come out of this looking flawless from a PR point of view. As an example I have bought premium currency or what have you from GOOD free to play games I have enjoyed. As you can see in my profile, I have played a LOT of Warframe and have donated a LOT of money to the company (by now it's probably a few hundred of dollars over the years which, yes, is a lot of money to most people) because they are offering me an ever improving game completely free and I think they deserve something. If Warframe had demanded a subscription or money up front, they would of made nothing off me as I never would of played it to begin with. There are a lot of gamers like me; Gamers that have funded plenty of free to play games like Dwarf Fortress, have given money to the humble bundles FAR exceeding the "minimal" amount and funded plenty of games on Kickstarter due to nothing more then altruism and a belief in a fellow gamer's passion to improve the industry. A modding paywall, however, feels as though Valve, Bethesda and even a few modders themselves are  on the very notion of what makes PC gaming great. It is insulting to me as a gamer. It is insulting to us all as a culture and it is something that should not be tolerated. With the way the system exists now (Or rather how it existed before the rollback), I will not be buying games through Steam unless I have no choice and I will NEVER pay for a mod. Ever. I am more then happy to send a donation to a few modders who do exceptional work (Interesting NPCs comes to mind) but any modder who hides their content behind a paywall will lose my respect and any chance of EVER getting money off me. I'd also like to point out that monetizing and releasing total conversions which create an entirely new game using an existing engine such as Gary's Mod and DayZ are NOT the same thing as paying for Skyrim mods. I can't fathom why certain people involved in THIS side of modding the need to voice their opinion when they clearly have no idea what they're talking about.]It was pretty good ngl]Words cannot describe how much content does this game have, and the modding community, OH the modding community!]Hands down the best game i have played, so much to do, random events on the roads and the such make it quite interesting at anytime, the game also has a strong modding community so if you got absolutely everything finished in skyrim you can download custom quests and whatever! if you are thinking about buying it. do it. 10/10]this game is so much fun, i love it, the reason why i got this game is because of this awesome mod called legend of the toa, it adds 6 races of biomechanical warriors that are heroes known as toa.]Ah, Skyrim, what a wonderful game. Time and time again I have found myself returning to the snowy, beautiful landscape that is this game's portrayal of Tamriel, each time making a new character, and finding new ways to play. The game looks astounding. The dark feel creates an atmosphere like none other, but it somehow remains silly with all of the bugs never fixed. The enemies are unique, not so much in their abilities, but in their style. In the open landscapes you'll find necromancers and wolves, but in dungeons and caves you'll Draugr (the equivalent of zombies), skeletons, and sometimes machines made by the ancient race called the Dwemer. Things like this make environments special and interestingly varied. The one complaint I have with the beauty is that the great mountains you can see in the distance throughout your travels aren't always so spectacular. When trying to traverse the countryside, the mountains usually just get in the way. Travelling around them is the easiest option, but by using the aforementioned bugs you can run up vertical slopes and clear them, if not entirely easily. The Elder Scrolls series is praised for its customization, and Skyrim offers the same amount as any other. Each type of weapon has its own skill tree, and combining certain powers can make the game exceedingly fun. An assassin is not limited to blades, oh no. There is a school of magic that can aid in sneaking, and can come in handy when difficult situations present themselves. Or, you can be a battleaxe wielding mage if you so desire, using Conjuration and Alteration magic can grant defense and weapons without the toll on your inventory that real armor takes. More examples exist, and playing the game can reveal them. Quests are more fun in this game than most others I feel. While in many RPG's quests are there just for the sake of having them, Skyrim was built around them. Bethesda got voice actors to record lines for dozens of questlines, and the quests themselves consist of more than "Kill that thing," or "Get that other thing." They have plots and unique impacts on the world, making them much more substantial feeling than those of, say, Pillars of Eternity's, which are vaguely intriguing at best and soulless at worst. Every time I hear the iconic song that plays on the main menu, I think of adventure; of wonder; of fun. Skyrim isn't a perfect game by any stretch of the imagination, but whether you're looking for an RPG to get involved in, or just a time waster, this game has something to satisfy everyone.]This happens to be a game that i wanted to play for a long time. When I got it I was amazed at how customizable everything is. If you are a fan of Lord of The Rings or anything midevil or middlearth this is a game for you.]10/10 has ruined my life, completely absorbed all of my attention from my family and has genuinely turned me into a potato. You can shout at people and make them fly away, 10/10 would play again. Great game, buy it; And mod the  out of it. {NEED A DECENT PC TO MOD} gg]A really Amazing game! :D]This is the really legendary game, you must play it!]There are very few bad things to say about this game, I can't even think of any right now. One of the best games I have ever played. Don't be fooled by my hours in the game, I have just recently bought the game ;) Absolute recommendation for everyone. Even if it's not on sale, worth every penny.]The world of Skyrim is huge and immersive. You are a Dragonborn. Your actions will shape the land. Your shouts will be heard. Beasts to Battle. Dragons to Slay. Books to read. Secrets to be unlocked. Destiny is in your hands. I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves adventure. 9/10]Definitely recommend, had it when it first came out on Xbox and then got it for PC cos mods. The skill system is done very well, can create so many different types of classes and experiment away. Unlike on Oblivion, the Stealth system actually works, and the sneak perk tree is amazing. The amount of freedom and things to do in its open world is just... Gawd, you get me so wet Skyrim bby. Never run out of things to do whilst free roaming, once sat down for a pint with a stranger, woke up in a temple of Mara and had to re-trace my steps. Long story short, I married a hagraven, gave someones goat to a giant and got  with a ing Daedric prince. Smithing and Enchanting are hard to level but extremely rewarding. I usually dislike RPG's that don't hide the best loot in a tiny percent chance to find in a random enemy, but the system is just done really well. Gotta be honest, swords/close weaponry combat can be dull but the rewards of smithing and enchanting make up for it. Also, if you use close weaponry you gotta go for that Palading restoration alteration buld or git gud. Magic skill trees make me ing wet, and getting the master level spells made me . Could ennchant armour to make it free to cast destruction magic but at the fourfeit of enchanting slots. Obviously when you get highest level enchanting you can do this to two things though. But I prefer to mix it up and spread myself in Resto, Alt, Destruction and Conj doe <3 Amazing game, buy it. Especially while its on offer.]Skyrim is a Single player game based in medivalish times with a massive map to explore. I think this game is good for anyone wanting to take on dragons, murderers and bandits on by themselvs. I would rate this game 8.5/10]Magic, Assasin groups, Huge axes and swords, amazing DLC what more can i say. Game was made in 2011 and still in my top 3 games of all time]I killed a dragon with my voice, shouted him apart. And dragons sometimes fly out of the ground. BEST GAME EVERERER 10/10]BEST GAME EVER !! This game has over 500 hours of content : Check This game can be mod : Check The OST is really good : Check It's an open world : Check THIS GAME IS WORTH YOUR MONEY :CHECK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]It'sa wery guud becauze mein english ist gut! und crafting ist gut too! M'kay,]this game is pretty much the most playable pc game to excist especially with over 37,000 mods available on the nexus website alone id definitly recommend this]You can't get a better singleplayer on Steam i double dare you! It's seroiusly 10/10]I always feel like its pointless to write a review for a Bethesda game as the rule of thumb is; "whatever you don't like, you can remove. whatever is missing you can add" due to the very strong mod scene presence surrounding the games. But I'll try to clarify that Skyrim if not for mods would have been the weakest entry in the TES series to date, and was largely saved by its mods. Skyrim tries to wow people over with flash, the promo videos are very guilty of this with how they played up dragon combat. It is far far less epic in game than the videos made it out to be. The questlines were some of the worst of the series in my opinion. though the main questlines is somewhat better than Oblivion's just as a guide point. probably the funnest questline happens in the Dlc Dragonborn and that is mostly due to the realm of Hermeaus Mora being unique and entertaining. If it wasn't for mods this game would be trash I had to get that jab out because while the mods thankfully exist, it should not hold Bethesda completely unaccountable and these days I feel they release games in the complete hope that the mod community will fix it for them.]Great gameplay, countless quests, lots of possible playthroughs in this RPG game, Skyrim is sure to make you hooked as you unveil more and more of its outstanding and carefully made story. The fact that it high is in the top 10 of the most played games on steam surely has to mean something, i don't even know if there are any negative reviews about this masterpiece Another reason to get this game is that despite it being a 2011 game its Modding Community is still really active and it is one of the best modding communities if not the best. So what are you waiting for? get this awesome game. NOW Oh, and i don't even need to mention the meems and Fus Roh Dah........]Even if you don't play RPGs, this game will be worth it to at least try out. It has a lot of content, is very addicting and will also be worth the price. You don't even need to play the quests, only exploring the world is still something you can have fun with. The main quest can easily be completed in about 20 hours, but I have over 100, because there are numerous other side and miscellaneous ones. And if all the dragon slaying, shouting, pickpocketing, sneaking, time travelling, bandit killing, gold hoarding and number of deer you can shoot in the butt wasn't enough, you can still install mods. Hundreds. Of course, you should be aware that this may cause unwanted crashing, so make sure you can handle them all. From graphic mods to DLC sized quests, there's sure something you will pick. My only problem with the game is the ing mountains. 9/10]i harvested a potato 69/69 would buy again]Awesome game that is quite addictive to play. However, don't burn yourself out while playing it!]Killed a man for cheese 10/10 would cheese again]I recommend this epic game ( if you can call it that ) to all of my Steam friends]Stand in a furnace, nothing happens Jump on a wooden wheelbarrow, instant death 10/10 Would parkour again]its good but dont overload your skyrim game with mods, if you do it will screw up your data. if you want mods i would suggest picking no less then 4 mods i recommend inigo alot if you like talkitive companions]MODS ALL THE MODS!!!!!!!!!!!!]Don't buy it, you will get addicted and you will never see sunlight again.]Skyrim is one of the best games i have played, Here is why! 1. Skyrim has good graphics for its time. 2. There are alot of Quest so you allways have something to do. 3. The story is not the best i have seen, but i think it has a decent story. So i give Skyrim a 9.7/10]Watched free porn. Got a virus. Bought Skyrim for the nudity mod. Didn't get a virus. 69/10, would fap again.]Farengar secret-fire thought he was a boss, sending thugs after a vampire thief assassin. All was well for him besides the occassional feeding on him in his sleep (unbeknownst to him), until came the creation of a wizard. Now, this was no ordinary wizard, it was a wizard of the undead variety known as a lich. As anyone can tell you, a lich is a being of pure hatred and despair, doing as he pleases with anything or anyone unlucky enough to cross paths with one. Having heard of this wannabe "wizard", the lich set his sights on the jarl of Whiteruns' home of Dragonsreach. It was late that night when the lich hovered silently through the doors of the halls of Dragonsreach sensing Farengar nearby. He found Farengar asleep in his bed, not knowing the terror that hovered over his slumbering form. The Lich raised his hand as he awoke and tried fleeing in terror, but he knew there was no escape. The Lich banished him to the realm of nightmares that changes itself with each lightning strike making it a worse existance than before, known as the realm of Quagmire. He wont be sending thugs after anybody else. 10/10 would banish annoying wizard to nightmare dimension again.]Vanilla Skyrim is a great game. Worthy of all the accolades and  that it got when it released. Now, though, there are so many mods that help make it into a truly complete experience. I still love this game, and its crazy how I can come back after a year and spend another 40 hours in the world like it isn't anything.]It's the best open wolrd game Bethesda has made yet. Actually makes play styles beyond swinging a sword not only playable, but fun. As always the map is made to be explored, and the best experiences are off the beaten path.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an open-world MMORPG set in the dark ages in a magic-filled universe. Skyrim has many features to offer and has very long gameplay to keep you engaged for hours on end. Featuring a variety of areas to explore, many quests/sidequests to complete, and many items to find/craft is what makes Skyrim such a great game. There are many cities you can visit and explore; each city having different designs and looks makes it very diverse. When you start playing you have the option of customizing your character. You can choose from a multitude of races ranging from a Nord (warrior type) to a Khajiit (sneaking type) and change the looks and builds of the character. The price of the game is great and even better if on sale. I'd say this game is worth around 50 Canadian dollars. I have to say the game looks amazing graphic-wise and considering it was released on 2011 makes this a well-made game. The game works quite smoothly even on lower-tier computers. One of the most, if not the most, good thing about this game is the modding community. There are thousands of fan-made mods out there which improves your game in many different ways. Want the game to look vivid and realistic? Get a graphic mod. Tired of your weapon? Get a weapon mod (bows, swords, axes, etc.). Mods are also free and can be easily implemented into the game quickly. Sounds are pretty good and the soundtrack is just pure godly. Did I mention it's open world? I did? WELL, it just got better. There are a ton of guilds you can join ranging from the Thieves to the Dark Brotherhood (each with their own pro and con), there are many skills and spells to learn and improve, and there are many women you can marry in all of Skyrim. Overall, this game is jam-packed of epic fights, tense moments, and tabbing.]PAID MODS HAVE BEEN REMOVED PEOPLE!! I remember a time when Skyrim had ~98% positive reviews, I now see that it has only 87%. This is extremely saddening, especially considering paid mods where OPTIONAL for the mod creators. Nevertheless paid mods have been removed. Everyone can calm down now and revert their reviews.]Modding simulator. You will get mods, have the game crash, fix mods, get more mods, have the game crash, fix mods, and then the cycle repeats. 11/10]And on the 5,110,000,000,000th day, God created Skyrim. God looked upon what he had made and said that it was very good. -The Missing Chapter of Genesis]Thanks Valve. Like, seriously. Thank you for listening. Skyrim is a fantastic game. Buy it. Mod it. Live it. Sincerely, Sir Kensworth]Very good game to jack off to... Graphics 8/10 Mods 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 Story 5/10 - there isnt really a story Download some nude mods~Skyrim will be your main hoe]One of the best games of this generation made better with mod and Workshop support. An excellent purchase no matter what the price.]Like Skyrim with dragons. 10/10]I have owned this game for 2 days and already clocked 24 hours. Help my soul]Skyrim offers an en epic adventure that will take you to the most memorable places around the map. The world of Skyrim is beautiful and has a really good atmosphere including an awesome soundtrack. In Skyrim you are a Dragonborn and you must stop the invasion of dragons and defeat the legendary dragon Alduin. You can customzie your character pretty well and you can defeat your enemies in many ways, ranging from seperating their heads from the rest of the body to incinerating them to nothingness.]One of the best RGPs Ive ever played !]What can I say...I have played all the TES games...from Arena..Daggerfall....Battlespire...Redguard...so on and so on. No matter what anyone says, this is a masterpiece of a game. It is another world to get lost in and never come out. I have to stop and just take in the sites sometimes. Yes, it has some small problems,,,but I don't even feel like going into them because the game as a whole is so good. If these guys screw around and focus on the money pit the TES online will end up being and ignore thier real cash cow and fan base it will be ashame. Time to come out with TES VI ....don't let the real TES single player fans down!]I killed men, women and children. Stole gold, plates and cheese. Slayed many dragons and modded more than I played.]Four years ago, Bethesda made this game and I had never been more hyped for a game ever. Back when I actually enjoyed the majority of the games I played was a time when life was fun. These days I remember Skyrim for all the times I've been screwed over by bugs and glitches that would hinder me in completing quests. But those 200+ hours were not completely wasted, partially but not completely. Also don't buy the dlc unless they are on 99 % sale or something... Considering they cost more than the base game and add maybe 5 hours extra content and a few useless items for gear that is not even better than the crap you farmed for a hundred hours in the vanilla game!!!!!!!"#!#!" 8/10 - Oblivion was better (don't kill chickens)]You can marry an arachnophobic werewolf mercenary. Do you really need any other reason to play this game?]Masterpiece! Best RPG, best open-world, best stealh, best hunting simulator, best waifu simulator, best mod support (Nexus+Mod Organizer) and mod offering (thousands), good graphics, fine controls, big world, never ending quest supply and endless replayability. Skyrim is pretty much what you want it to be. First person? Do it! Third person? Do it! Mouse and keyboard? Go ahead! Controller? Oh yes! Vampire simulator? Live the life of an medieval alchemist? Be an Orc bandit? A rogue Mage? Check! Check! Check and check.. The base game alone provides countless ways of playing and thus earns the rare right to be called an open world and sandbox RPG, with thousands of mods to create a unique experience. Skyrim has no direct competition on the market and that's a sad fact for us gamers. 97/100]you could play for hours! the music is dead good.]Paid workshop mods. :)  off. Ok, they actually deleted paid mods so i can recommend this game again. Full review coming soon.]It was 8 PM when I started, now its 9 AM.]Despite the attempt to cash in on the hard work of modders. and the subsequent realization that they had made a horrible mistake, Bethesda has a solid game in Skyrim. I remember when it first came out I was so excited for it, and instantly bought it and played for hours and hours. Good gameplay, solid mechanics, excellent storyline. Some bugs, though most are fixed by unofficial patches released by the loving mod community. I seem to quit for a few months every now and then but I always end up coming back and playing some more skyrim. I'm pretty sure I still haven't discovered everything even after several playthroughs. There's always more and more, and with mods you could play this game for the rest of your life without running out of content.]You can punch a giant metal robot to death 10/10]you can kill dragons but when ever im tryin to kill a bear i get killed 10/10]If you have time, you will lose it]Must own for RPG fans, or dragon fans... or any fans... or anyone with a computer, Xbox360, or PlayStation 3... Update 3/1/2015: Just beat the Dragonborn DLC... This is the second (?) time you go to Solsteim (I didn't spell it right) off of Morrowind, as you also go there in TES 3: Morrowind as DLC. The characters were fleshed out, while maybe not emotional, but you could develop a slight bond with. The new island you can visit is awesome and the new Shout is bada$$. Worth $20.00.]Really nice open world RPG with gorgeous nordic landscapes. The biggest downside is that quests and the charracters are a bit "flat". I wish I would care when I kill some random farmer in the world, so I guess the immersion is lacking here. But you get distracted enough by other things that you kind of forget it. If you've played past Elder Scrolls game, expect the same experience, for some people it's good, for other it isn't. Most important thing : Mod it, mod it, mod it. This game is day and night with mods and it fixes a ton of issues Bethesda did not care to fix.]Amazing game. Liked it so much, I bought it on here after playing it on PS3 and have modded the snot out of it. Highly reccomended.]Best RPG in my opinion. Large range of modifications from new player homes to better graphics. The original game however is still beautiful, fun and huge open world with dragons, thieves, giants and even seals. Storyline is perfect and can be very cheap when on special. DLC worth having a look at when on special. Large variety of weapons, clothing, enemies, NPC's and locations. Quests are plentiful and trading cards and achievments exist as well. 9.8/10]Skyrim is an AMAZING game. I've put 109 hours into this masterpiece and do not regret it. The story is a bit short IMO but the side missions and the open world bring you a whole lot of stuff to do. Run up mountains. Enter dungeons / Caves. Ride a horse. Kill a dragon. Buy a house. Get married. etc. And btw, 10/10 for using consolecommands and changing my name into Jesus and flying up to the skies. EDIT: Played a bit of Skyrim last night, went on a horse. And had the power to fly...Incredible 11/10]It's just Skyrim with swords]This game never ends, it is almost perfect.]Played through on 360, beat regular skyrim. Playthrough 2 on ps3, dabbled in legendary, long way to go before complete. Got legendary on pc, testing the limits of modding and console commands is really making this more exciting than the last 2 play-throughs. Especially finding the room that has 1 of everything that you can console command coc to, I've done all these f'n quests before, it's great to be able to just go grab all the game's keys and super special items so you can just enjoy your play-through without trivial bs. Also, thomas the truck.  yeah. Oh, one more thing, it looked good on 360. it looked great on ps3. It loads a billion times faster and plays WAY smoother on PC. Got my ps3 controller wirelessly hooked up with motionjoy and this is the best skyrim experience I've ever had.]There's not much I can say about this game, just that it (and it's soundtrack) are amazing. It has around 20 hours of quests (with the DLCs) and the enviroment is beautiful, but it's safe to say, without this game's soundtrack, it wouldn't be half the game it is now.]Hundreds of hours of fun to be had, especially with the multitude of amazing community mods.]Skyrim is a great game! Everyone should buy it, I abouseloutly love it. The dlc's are great, I just wish Bethesda would fix some of the bugs. Everyone should play it at least once.]Hands down best game i've ever played. Logged over 700+ hours on PS3 version (with all 3 DLCs). Now starting from scratch on PC version. The graphics of Skyrim PC has all but converted me from console to PC gamer!]Stealth Killed a Dragon. 20/20]this game is amzing!!!!!]If the fact that I've played over 300 hours of this game doesn't convince you, I dunno what will.]Very powerfull game, great story and great environment.]Very good game . Sometime glitchy but still good]"Mod it till it crash" great statement it is... been 3 years since the release the vanilla version itself are great but not complete w/o mods thanks to the 9gag community that introduced this game to me... appreciate that..]Truly The best game ive ever played in my life. if you want a game that lasts long buy it!]Well, I used to be married in real life. Then I discovered the joys of magical force yelling inside fully furnished homes. Now I just travel the land sending dishes and dinners and books flying. In all seriousness, if this showed my PS3 playtime, I'd probably be embarassed - I have the platinum trophy, and then some. It's an amazing game, and mods breath new life into a game I thought I had played out. For anyone who played it previously and loved it, give it a shot here. It's worth it.]I don't even know what to say about this game....... Oh wait.... There are no watermelons. 0/10 Wait.... I can get a watermelon mod? 10/10]I really don't know if I like this game yet...]One of my favorite games of all time. Truly an experience.]OMG THIS IS AWESOME!!!]I died by taking a spear to the throat 10/10 would pillage and plunder again.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the new blockbuster RPG from Bethesda. Is it the "ultimate RPG" all the hype surrounded it portrayed it as? No, it is not. But that's because no single RPG is for everyone. If you're looking for Dragon Age or The Witcher in Skyrim, you won't find it, as they're different kinds of RPG. If you're a fan though, and you're mainly looking for more Elder Scrolls, you can't go wrong with this. Much like the previous game in the series, Oblivion, it offers a mindbogglingly huge amount of content from the get go. Content that will take hundreds of hours to completely go through. And by then, you will have forgotten such a big part of it that a second playthrough doesn't seem like such a bad idea. Unfortunately, just like Oblivion, at the end of the day there isn't a huge variety of dungeons and once you've seen one of a said type, you've pretty much seen them all. Skyrim has tried to correct this somewhat, adding flavor to most of the dungeons in order to make them unique, but it can get tiring once you've faced the same enemy 70 times. Combat in this game is the best in the series. Third camera mode is actually viable, and while you cannot pick classes in the previous games like you used to, you can now level up freely by gathering enough skill levels, with enough skills for you to be able to create a specific, personalized character. While this deep personalization remains in Skyrim, some aspects such as spellmaking and custom enchantment creations are completely gone. While some may say this is to avoid your character being a fearsome god of destruction, Skyrim almost makes it too easy for you to do this anyway, allowing even the strongest opponents to fall easily. This includes dragons. Before Skyrim released, Bethesda made it seem dragons were the most fearsome thing on Nirn. And while the first few times you do get to fight them they will put a decent challenge, Bethesda's scaling works poorly to keep it that way as you level and gain vastly better gear. Add that to these encounters being quite common at times, they completely lose that "epic feel" of the fight and just become an annoyance, pure and simple. This wouldn't nearly annoy me as much as it does if it wasn't for the fact that other, clearly looking weaker wildlife found actually put up a better fight than the dragons do. A Shadow of the Colossus or Dragon's Dogma approach to these encounters would do the trick, as those by comparison make the dragon fights in Skyrim disappointingly shallow. While the main quest for this game is mostly horrid, it is the sidequests that offer the most enjoyment. The Daedra quests are especially great. As with the previous games, factions such as the Dark Brotherhood can be joined, and through their storyline, you will eventually rise through their ranks. A minor detail that's bugged me since Oblivion is that these factions never take into account your actual skill levels. Suppose you'd join the Mages College in Winterhold, and the teachers may comment on your great talent, but really, they're just commenting on your lack thereof. You can fully complete its storyline, clearly aimed for mages, having no magic skills at all. I know Daggerfall's old by now, but even there they would check your skills to see if you were a suitable character to join their organization. Why did they not keep this in subsequent games? While these games can be extremely immersive, sometimes that immersion can be broken at times, either by bugs, which will always be present in such a gargantuan beast of a game, or by AI repeating the same lines over and over, notably the guards' comments when you approach them. It could be worse though, no longer will you find the world of Tamriel only having 5 voice actors working on it so there are still improvements. The graphics as well. Skyrim is simply a beauty to behold. Last, and by no means least, the modding community. They have always been a staple in the series since Morrowind, adding hours of playtime to these games. Skyrim has not changed in regards to this, and it fact made mod installation easier thanks to its addition to the Steam Workshop. Find a mod you like? Just hit that subscribe button and open the launcher to see the game download it automatically. It's ridiculously simple, and you'd be silly not to give some of the fantastic mods already released a go. It's almost a sin to want to buy the console versions, due to what they miss on. These are the kinds of games that, 10 years down the road, with their DLCs fully released, will still have people modding them, and that is quite special. All in all, I say Skyrim is a must-have for anyone with a remotely passing interest in the series. It's just that good. Complete with a deep customization, great setting, believable world and endless potential. Make sure you have a lot of spare time, this game will soul trap you for a long time, and you will more than likely thoroughly enjoy it, as I have.]Skyrim is the ing GOTY of 2011. There's no reason not to get this game. And if you get bored with the game itself, THEN DOWNLOAD SOME ING MODS. Srsly though, this game is dope, it's super fun . But while this  is fun, this  is also buggy. :S]The best]Like Fallout with swords.]Like call of duty without guns 10/10 - IGN]This game is probably my favorite game of all time! The graphics arent great but if you get some graphic mods and bam it looks amazing. It has over 200 hours of gameplay with mods that add 100s of more hours to the game. I would recommend doing a vinalla playthough and then start watching some modding videos on youtube and getting starting with modding because that's where the game really kicks off.]Skyrim, without a doubt, is one of the greatest games ever created. It has a lush open world that is ready to explore, every customization option you could crave, robust and intelligent quests, memorable moments and secrets hidden deep within if you are willing to look (DARK BROTHERHOOD). For example, I have clocked 25 hours and am still nowhere near completing the main story or finishing a fraction of the side quests, I would be surprised if I finished this before clocking 100 hours and I wouldn't be surprised if I end up clocking 1000. Worth the money, worth the time. Every person should treat themselves to this experience.]Ran around, saw a deer, killed the dear. Ran around, saw a wolf, killed the wolf. Ran around, saw a bear, killed the bear Ran around, saw a bandit, killed the bandit. Ran around, found a ruin, found a bunch of drauger, killed the drauger. Ran around, found a dragon, killed the dragon. Ran around, found a chicken, killed the chicken, arrested for killing chicken. Ran around, found a fox, followed the fox, fox led me to a saber tooth cat and it killed me, I now kill foxs. Ran around, found a giant, shot a arrow at the giant thinking I was a boss, giant than hit me and sent me flying like a plane. Ran around, found a dragon skull popping out of the ground, no seriously it was like a dragon plant or something. Ran around, found a Khajit called Kharjo, Kharjo is now my best friend who helps me fight dragon plants. 10/10 would play again]Very good game really appreciate ! thx.]I love this game!!! so endless!! the music, the quests, everything...can spend hours just exploring and go and kill some draugr, deathlords, spiders, etc, so many things you can kill too xD or make friends...For me there was little bugs, so I was really happy about it. I really recommend, if you like to explore and just have fun doing side quests, some are like fetch this fetch that, but on the way you can talk to certain people and get more quests! its fun overall :3 Really recommend this to everyone ^_^bb <3]Help I'm stuck and I can't get our]First of all. This has to be one of the most fun games of all time. I think it is the only game I have ever played where it litterally does not end. You will always find a new cave, new enemy, new quests, new things to do, etc. If you are a fan of Lord of the Rings, you MUST get this game. Even if you dont like Lord of the Rings, you should get it. The story is so engaging and nothing feels tacked on or out of place. Everything has a purpose and everything has a reason for being there with their own story. Its Great! I have no idea why you would not get this game. Oh side note, the DLC for the game is GREAT even though I don't own it yet. I have played it on my friend's computer and they add even more content to an aready content LOADED game. In closing, IF YOU DON'T BUY THIS GAME YOU ARE A FOOL!!! A FOOL!!! It is way to good to pass up Rating: 11/10 Blows me away]Oh, Skyrim. What a great experience. You start playing this game and you will never complete it. You will continue returining to Skyrim many times. You will spend countless hours exploring, hunting, killing bandits, and many other cool things. Add mods to the mix and you can customize and enhace the core game towards the perfect RPG. If you're a true gamer, you should never live without missing this one.]Skyrim is game that someone can get truly absorbed in. I have played almost 500 hours on console, but I love the game so much I also brought it on steam, just to be able to play it when my family uses the console. And I must say, it was one of the best descisions of my life. The community is one of the best in gaming, there are so many user-created drawings and mods, that when you start playing again, Skyrim is a whole new world, tailored to your liking. And the game in itself - devoid of any mods- is the single greatest gaming adventure I have ever had the honor of experiencing. I will most definitely come back to this game, time and time again.]became chosen one became a different chosen one met a talking dog 10/10 would become chosen one again]Got hit so hard by a giant i went to space. 10/10 Would try to pickpocket his toe again.]One of the bests games i've played , so exiting , you will enter in on of the greatest medievals lore , with exiting graphics , and a unic way of playing .]downloaded a "my little pony mod" 10/10 oh and the vanilla game is pretty awesome as well]Wander the open world of Skyrim as you, the Dragonborn, use your awesome magical gift of the ancient language to: Steal cabbages, steal horses, pick pockets, pick locks, and even rob shops at night! Still be the hero as you kill off an entire empire such as the Stormcloaks or the Imperials. Hunt through the ancient ruins of Nords and fight through armies of zombies just to get bored in the end and murder everyone in Windhelm just for the hell of it.]I like skyrim for the mods I have and those that are still being made, im not NOT going to recccomend this game out of the whole paid mods thing... It has nothing to do with "is the game good" of course its awesome... I didnt like the paid mods thing but that doesnt mean that skyrim has gone from one of the best games ever to being crap because of it...]You know all the Fun and such.]overall this is a nice game to own...]Loved this game on xbox 360 and love it even more with tons of mod possibilities on pc and freerom rpg games is where its at.]This game is a very interesting one. I bought this game as it was on sale, and got very surprised for the very cheap game. I had heard a lot good about the game itself, and the mods. So i decided why not. So i started playing the story, and decided, that i need to have a few mods. So i downloaded some mods what make the game longer. The start is pretty boring, but when you get to have your free world, you shall be free. The world has exciting creatures and such, and you can always get quests. The story is interesting as well. Not to spoil, i wont tell anything about the story, but i can say. The story is good. Some quests have a lot of hardness in them, but some are just easy. Best RPG game i have ever seen.]Time to recommend, what is probably the most hyped game I've ever played. First of all. It's good, that's all you need to really know. It is a good game. But it got some massive flaws. If I am to compare it to morrowind or oblivion, it is worse. In pretty much every way. First time playing morrowind you will notice that it' got some of the best music you can come by, and some cool gameplay. Oblivion was so good I never stopped playing it, until I had made EVERY mission. This game, skyrim, is a bit of both. only real problem with it - it's extremly repetitive. Every mission (pretty much) is the other alike. It got some really cool graphics, finally some decent voiceacting and some good missions every now and then. The dragons that were so extremly hyped are a bust tho. They do NOT live up to their name. They are repetitive and boring. Which kinda kills the whole "dragonborn-plot" So wait for a sale, then buy it. you won't regret it. it's good, really good, just not AS good as it's precursors. So it doesn't get full pot, but almost 9/10]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an open-world MMORPG set in the dark ages in a magic-filled universe. Skyrim has many features to offer and has very long gameplay to keep you engaged for hours on end. Featuring a variety of areas to explore, many quests/sidequests to complete, and many items to find/craft is what makes Skyrim such a great game. There are many cities you can visit and explore; each city having different designs and looks makes it very diverse. When you start playing you have the option of customizing your character. You can choose from a multitude of races ranging from a Nord (warrior type) to a Khajiit (sneaking type) and change the looks and builds of the character. The price of the game is great and even better if on sale. I'd say this game is worth around 50 Canadian dollars. I have to say the game looks amazing graphic-wise and considering it was released on 2011 makes this a well-made game. The game works quite smoothly even on lower-tier computers. One of the most, if not the most, good thing about this game is the modding community. There are thousands of fan-made mods out there which improves your game in many different ways. Want the game to look vivid and realistic? Get a graphic mod. Tired of your weapon? Get a weapon mod (bows, swords, axes, etc.). Mods are also free and can be easily implemented into the game quickly. Sounds are pretty good and the soundtrack is just pure godly. Did I mention it's open world? I did? WELL, it just got better. There are a ton of guilds you can join ranging from the Thieves to the Dark Brotherhood (each with their own pro and con), there are many skills and spells to learn and improve, and there are many women you can marry in all of Skyrim. Overall, this game is jam-packed of epic fights, tense moments, and tabbing.]PAID MODS HAVE BEEN REMOVED PEOPLE!! I remember a time when Skyrim had ~98% positive reviews, I now see that it has only 87%. This is extremely saddening, especially considering paid mods where OPTIONAL for the mod creators. Nevertheless paid mods have been removed. Everyone can calm down now and revert their reviews.]Modding simulator. You will get mods, have the game crash, fix mods, get more mods, have the game crash, fix mods, and then the cycle repeats. 11/10]And on the 5,110,000,000,000th day, God created Skyrim. God looked upon what he had made and said that it was very good. -The Missing Chapter of Genesis]Thanks Valve. Like, seriously. Thank you for listening. Skyrim is a fantastic game. Buy it. Mod it. Live it. Sincerely, Sir Kensworth]Very good game to jack off to... Graphics 8/10 Mods 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 Story 5/10 - there isnt really a story Download some nude mods~Skyrim will be your main hoe]One of the greatest RPG's ever made. Incredible amount of content, fun game mechanics, great customization and great mithos. Seriously recommended]when i first played this I was all like "ERMEGERD! ETS AMATHENG!" then I completed the "amatheng" main quest line and I was like "Oh, what now?" Then i started talking to everyone and did stuff for them, and that's the best part, there's hundreds of people in Skyrim, and they all have a story, and like, 75% of them have a quest, i've spent over 200 hours on this and i'm still not bored of it, and modding it is amazing too, not to mention all the other quest lines like the companions and thieves guild, don't forget the dark brotherhood, ooh! And the whole civil war thing going on. You can tell the creators spent some time on this, and the map is HUGE, and there's over 20,000 mods on the workshop alone, even more on the nexus and all those other mod sites. Overall, this game is, pretty much, LEGENDARY.]Great game. Legendary version is definitely worth it!]It is a fantastic game, but what makes it even better are the free mods. You can get almost exact experience you desire and if you feel for a challenge, you can attempt to create mods yourself. Skyrim is a game that will last you for years, thanks to the dedicated modding community and it definately deserves a positive review, despite the recent evets.]One of best RPG games.]Great game, thank you for removing the paid mods in their current form.]Dragons? Check Awesome weapons and armor? Check Go to jail for running around in my underwear and punching people? Double check]Brilliant game, especially with mods.]you could play for hours! the music is dead good.]Paid workshop mods. :)  off. Ok, they actually deleted paid mods so i can recommend this game again. Full review coming soon.]It was 8 PM when I started, now its 9 AM.]Despite the attempt to cash in on the hard work of modders. and the subsequent realization that they had made a horrible mistake, Bethesda has a solid game in Skyrim. I remember when it first came out I was so excited for it, and instantly bought it and played for hours and hours. Good gameplay, solid mechanics, excellent storyline. Some bugs, though most are fixed by unofficial patches released by the loving mod community. I seem to quit for a few months every now and then but I always end up coming back and playing some more skyrim. I'm pretty sure I still haven't discovered everything even after several playthroughs. There's always more and more, and with mods you could play this game for the rest of your life without running out of content.]You can punch a giant metal robot to death 10/10]you can kill dragons but when ever im tryin to kill a bear i get killed 10/10]If you have time, you will lose it]to bad theres no teleport spell in skyrim]Please Make Another Skill. For Example, Mining, Woodchopping.]I had the game originally on the PS3 and had a bit over 100 hours put into it. The only reason I got it on the PC now is cause it was on sale for $5. Glad I did, cause I love modding it. Given that the paid mods thing are a thing of the past, I will not include it on the review. Worth the cost for the game, but if you're wanting to mod as much as you can, spend the extra 20 for the ultimate edition for all of the DLC. Have fun!]One of the most epic games ive ever played,for that year when it was released it has amazing graphics,FP animation.But the most funny part of the game is those bugs.In some cases its big + then -]>A wild paid workshop appears >community starts ruthless riot, downvoting skyrim with the power of thousand suns >Paid workshop gets deleted >Mfw them mod makers are left all alone with their updated mods >They have nothing better to do anyway, so they put new mods for free on nexus >10/10 would riot again.]So dont let my hours tell you anything. I played this game one xbox 360 and have over 1000 hours. This game is probably my favorite RPG of all time. It's rare you encounter a game that has a single player that you want to keep going back to. It has amazing quest, it has hilarious jokes, and it has an impact on your life that everytime you hear the word "Skyrim" it makes you remember all those dragons that took 30 minutes to beat. I can't remember how many times i've taken arrows to the knee. 10/10 would waste life again]I haven't even finished the main quest yet.]Skyrim may belong to the Nords , but everything in Skyrim belongs to the Khajit.]I WOULD DEFINETLY RECUMEND THIS GAME!!!! worth getting, because i already beat the game it is awesome and my cousin told me some cheats too if you guys want to know some send mea message or friend me and ill tell ya. yet this game i pretty expensive but you should get it if youlike killing things on the electronics XD. LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!]The game is just fantastic,but there are bug issues... who knows why]its skyrim. its good. if you kill paarthurnax you are an awful person]Skyrim is a transcendent experience. It may not be perfect, but it excels in almost every aspect of design. There are games that you play and there are games that you experience, and this is the latter. It sucks you in, and you will get lost in its incredible depths. This is quite frankly one of the deepest, most enjoyable and most inspiring gaming experiences you will ever have had. You owe it to yourself as a gamer to play this.]Mod it till it crashes!]Overall, it's a pretty great game, but it just didn't have the level of immersiveness that I was expecting and it didn't end up keeping me hooked for that long.]Skyrim is really good, but for those who have played Oblivion, Skyrim has simplified all the differant stores to just general stores, forges, and potion shops. There were only two cons (for me anyway), I got stuck in the world you travel to in the Dragonborn DLC quest, Started the quest but decieded that I wanted to go back to SKyrim and it wouldn't let me. The other con is I would like a two player co-op while walking through skyrim. The graphics have been overhauled since Oblivion, which makes Skyrim very beautiful. Also there is very little cut and paste like there was in Oblivion. I hope the review is helpful. Really, really fun. 10/10.]If you're a fan of fantasy, cats, ragons, (American) RPG's, or God knows what else-- Come to think of it, do I even need to write a review?? It's Skyrim!!!]Normally I am not really a fan of RPGs and all that dungeons and dragons stuff. But damn it, do I like this game a lot!! It's a fantastic game to just explore the world and run into a lot of different encounters. There's so incredible many hours worth of entertainment in this game and it's definitely worth your buck. However. When you buy this, remember you're kind of just playing the console version on PC. Get yourself a user on nexusmods and experience Skyrim in all its glory in which it shines the most on this superior platform.]Not my favorite TES, but that doesn't mean it's worse. And it's TES. The Elder Scrolls will absorb you. There's just... so much to do! And then you add the mods! And then you turn them off! You try all the quests and loot all the caves! And then you try to roleplay the game! And then you start philosophizing about it with your friends! And then you discover the lore of The Elder Scrolls! And, then... Well, then you'll unfortunately be dead, as you'll probably end up playing Skyrim and studying TES lore for the rest of your life. To be honest, this game has bugs. It has flaws, and many of them. But, funnily enough, even after all those 800 hours, I really can't remember a single one of them. I do remember a lot of amazing moments I had with Skyrim though. Never gets old.]Its a great game]It's the best game EVER !!!]I miss the warm beaches of Elsweyr...]I've been an elder scrolls fan for the past 5 years, one of the most interesting, longest game I have ever played is Morrowind. Then came oblivion I could play out the game, but seriously, that game is nothing without mods, horribly boring conversations (Not like skyrim's any better... "... an arrow to the knee"). When skyrim came out, I was pumped for it, I had a reason: The game looked amazingly cool in the gameplay trailer, it was an amazing adventure. But if we look deeply into it, skyrim is just a bit better than oblvivion. Insanely boring conversations, oversimplified puzzles, if you play out the game for the 5th time, even the legendary difficulty is mouse crap in a sack of flour. Mods make this game even more beautiful (ENBs, Weather mods, W.A.T.E.R,), even more harder (Deadly Combat, Duel Combat Realism etc.), there are some interesting quest mods also. (Falskaar, Wyrmstooth etc.) I kinda stopped playing, never even heard of DLCs coming out, Dragonborn, Hearthfires, Dawnguard. I was excited about them, my favorite DLC was and still is: Dragonborn, a completely new land (Solstheim), with returning topics, houses. Netches, House Redoran, House Telvanni. And a dying Silt Strider ;( I recommend buying the Legendary edition, it comes with several bonuses: All DLCs, Legendary difficulty, when a skill reaches lvl 100, you can make it legendary and regain all perk points spent in that skill. I overall recommend skyrim for anyone who likes RPG adventure games or just likes Bethesda games.]This makes call of duty look like a flash game]Simple the best game i've ever played.]Thank you for hearing us out.]I've had this game for less than a week and already have 63.4 hours on record. If that isn't a sign I love it, I don't know what is. Between the amazing combat, beautiful scenery, engaging storyline, and general feeling of badassery this game gives you, there's nothing not to love. That said, if you have a girlfriend, wife, or other person you live with and care deeply for, weigh your options carefully, as this game will suck away an unhealthy chunk of your life.]Mods are free again, all good for now ^_^.]Reverse your negative reviews! Paid Steam Workshop mods are being removed and this great game deserves an "Overwhelmingly Positive" rating once more! :)]It's potentially one of the best games ever made, but you already know that and are probably just on this page for amusing jokes. 10/10 needs more dragons]people call you dragonborn. people worship chicken more than dragons. /10]I had not played Pokemon games before--I was under the wrong impression that they were just for children and then there was a lot of media attention on Fire Red and Leaf Green--I was going on a long trip so I got Fire Red. It takes a lot of memorization skills to play Pokemon games WELL so adults can enjoy these games, in my opinion. For those who haven't played before, Pokemon are actually VERY intricate and there are different TYPES of Pokemon so you have to remember their abilities and what types can easily beat other types and you switch Pokemon in battle depending on their strengths and abilities. Of course the graphics on this game are very, very good. What I liked best was the ability to get ingame help and for some reason it just really tickles me to see the little hand pick up my Pokemon and move them to or from the storage boxes. I also like the fact that when I turn the game on it rehashes the last few things I did before stopping gameplay last time. This is really good for me because I don't get to play everyday and if too much time goes by, I do forget my last "moves". I also have Pokemon Crystal for GBC and, I think it is a little easier...so if you'd like to try Pokemon, maybe that is a better game to learn first...Both have been very fun and entertaining for this adult gamer. Gotta catch 'em all...]The base version of this game was amazing. It had the looks, a great story, tons of items, lots to do but then you start adding mods and it becomes legendary. If you dont own this game idk why, either you are a pleb or you hate RTS games. Buy it now!!!]I figure since I have enough games to tower over a 6 foot tall man, I should at least give you the one i enjoy the most on my computer. The main reason I love Skyrim on the computer is because there is ALWAYS a way to get new content, without having to wait for Bethesda to spoonfeed it to you. I think that Skyrim is one of the besy RPG style games to date, and its modding community only adds to it. If there is one game I'm not ashamed to say that i own more than 1 copy of, and have dumped well over 700 hours total into, it's Skyrim. It's a game that every story-loving gamer should own, and is a prime example of an open world done right.]Probably one of the best games i have played. There is so much to do, and a lot of freedom. add mods from the Nexus and The workshop, this game can last a very long time.]Let me guess, did someone steal your sweet roll? What is it? Dragons? I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took an arrow to the knee. My cousin is out fighting dragons, and what do I get? Guard duty. Gotta keep my eyes open. Damn dragons could swoop down at any time. Watch the skies, traveler. No lollygaggin'.]Soon enough I'll have to pay for this review too.]Oblivion, but with a less immersive world and story, but better combat and gameplay.]Im married to a dragon and he gives me free gold and is my unlimited wight follower that murders people all the time. 10/10]fully sick aye]Skyrim. It's an Elder Scrolls game, which means you're going to have a huge world to explore again and that really is the main feature of the base game. The combat system, if you want to call it that, is unimpressive and magic feels more limited than it did in previous Elder Scrolls installments and the main storyline is acceptable but not great by any standards. However what Bethesda did do right is the creation of the world all this happens in. Dungeons and ruins are more varied compared to what they were like in Oblivion and the outside world is huge in its own right and allows for days worth of exploration. So despite its flaws I'd strongly recommend this game. There is however a lot of snow. You probably should be looking at an other title if you have a phobia for snow.]It's like a patato. A really ing good patato]Now I have Monophobia.]HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS A-MAZING. skyrim has to be my favorite game of all time. i have beaten the game with every race and there is abolutely no end to the things you can do in skyrim. Bethesda created a masterpiece that should belong next to the mona lisa. PURE BAD ASSERY]Great game! Hopefully the start of a whole new fantasy series! I can't wait for Skyrim 2!]Kill a chicken get chased by the entire village like you're a serial killer. 10/10.]10/10 - highly recommend post Pay2PlayMod 0/10 - Not recommended with Pay2PlayMod "feature" 11/10 - Pay2PlayMod removed, donation button added(?)]An Epic Adventure probably the most awesome game on steam buy it now if you have a brain it's pure epic]10/10 would put half my life in again]No doubt one of the best fantasy RPGs that has ever been made. Only a few problems. It's buggy in some places. For example, you often need to manually install a patch to fix the Esbern quest in the main storyline. The game can become very easy once you get full enchanting, alchemy and smithing, which is very easy to do. After that, you must ramp the difficulty up exponentially to feel any challenge. However, this is not to say you shouldn't buy this game. It's still an amazing game with nearly endless replayability, awesome enemies and great execution. Buy it.]One of best games i ever played. Sometimes a little boring but when you get fireball :D :D ... Woohaaaa. I have to purge this world in fire ! I am happy that i bought it.]What are you doing here, buy this already..]It\s like skyrim with guns, oh wait... 10/10 -IGN]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]An Epic Adventure probably the most awesome game on steam buy it now if you have a brain it's pure epic]10/10 would put half my life in again]No doubt one of the best fantasy RPGs that has ever been made. Only a few problems. It's buggy in some places. For example, you often need to manually install a patch to fix the Esbern quest in the main storyline. The game can become very easy once you get full enchanting, alchemy and smithing, which is very easy to do. After that, you must ramp the difficulty up exponentially to feel any challenge. However, this is not to say you shouldn't buy this game. It's still an amazing game with nearly endless replayability, awesome enemies and great execution. Buy it.]One of best games i ever played. Sometimes a little boring but when you get fireball :D :D ... Woohaaaa. I have to purge this world in fire ! I am happy that i bought it.]What are you doing here, buy this already..]Great game fantasic experience messing around with mods]Great game and with mods, geez it blows my pants off!!! :D]80% of my game time was trying to find the best boob:butt ratio body mod. The rest was getting my  wrecked by giants.]Truly EPIC!!! Wide Open play! Phenomenal graphical environment! No path restrictions. You can play any type of character you want. You can mix up the styles you want as well. You can be a Worrier, a Thief, a Mage, or any combination of them. Prefer to fight from a distance, like a sniper, you have bows with archery perks (not to mention mods that can enhance that sort of play). Want to be a mage? How about a sword mage? Perhaps a mystical thief? Or, a thief that can stand toe to toe with your enemies, if need be. The potential of this game appears to be limitless. More quests and plots than you can easily count, and thats with the base game and the official DLCs. If those arent enough, Download and install a new mod. Want a new house, or mansion, or how about a cavern hideout. Would you like a Treehouse for a home? Or, a is a ship as your home more to your taste? Not enough challenges and quests for you? Get mods that make the game more difficult, or add new areas to explore and concur. Want to improve the graphics? You can do that. Want to add new NPCs? You can do that. Want to change the way the armor, or weapons look? You can do that too. With all the free mods out there, you can build your own game, giving this game nearly UNLIMITED POTENTIAL! Your imagination is the only limit youll find in this game!]EVERYONE TRANFER TO NEXUS MODS!!!! THEY"RE STILL FREE!!!!!]Having no social life has never been more fun!]killed a chicken got wanted by every region gg]I love this game dearly, as I have had it for years and I have loved it modded or not! I've modded the absolute hell out of it and honestly, It isnt that hard with all the help from the modders and of course "mod organizer". If your deciding whether or not to buy this game or not, go with the sweetroll, trust me... always the sweetroll.]This is by far one of the best games I have EVER played, Its $20 right now but I honestly think its worth alot more.]This is a great game with hours upon hours of almost endless fun. The game is also great for mods that add loads more hours to the game and you get way more out of fun out of it with lore friendly to just plain funny mods. Only bad thing really I can think of is at this moment in time you may have to pay for some mods which I say although mods are great they are mods not DLC and shouldn't be paid for. I do also however hate the idea of DLC as well unless it is something different and new to the game not just taken out then charged for later on to get and play. But over all this is a review of Skyrim and I would recommend buying the game even if its just for its normal play though no mods or DLC.]Guards of a castle told me not to go into the abandoned wing because it was haunted. Went anyways. Ended up being forced to help the daedric prince of madness and got a hipbone as a reward for freeing him to ravage the world. 10/10 Would help Pelagius again]A monumental and obligatory slap in the face to all RPG's ever conceived. Skyrim is an outstanding achievement in game design, concept, and atmosphere. A harrowing journey across lands filled with no limits of imagination; a story foretold which is The Elder Scrolls. Magic, weaponry, and combat await in a new world to discover. Stories to be heard, quests to be conquered. and Dragon's to kill. No game can match this world, this time, this era which lives in Skyrim. With a large modding community, the game can only get better.]amazing, immersize game with plenty of content for you to explore. Slay dragons and follow the path of being the destined dragonborn or forget the prophecy and murder dozens of innocents. Choices are plenty and with the memmorable cast of characters, vanilla skyrim is a delight easliy lasting over 80 ours of true, immersize, gameplay. With mods, skyrim itself immerse you further into the lore or completley disregard it. Mods are very crucial to me and my experience, so if you get this game, then make sure to download mods from the workshop or nexus. good for: RPG fans, elderscroll fans, fallout fans, gamers who want and immersive story. Beware, like all bethesda games, glitches and crashes are common. 9.5/10]Abolsutley brilliant game. And never get bored with all the workshop items]Yes, I recomend this game this game to anyone who likes a good story (stories) but also to anyone who likes to do whatever they please. Currently have 130 hours total spend into this game with more than 50 of the achievements; an addicting game over-all in my opinion. Because of this game I hae recently bought Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion to further continue the story (backwards). I recomend this game to any who wish to play a game involving levels, skill points and dragons (yes, dragons).]Gabe Newell approves of this game]FUS ROH DAH all of the chickens. Put buckets on heads. Linear caves. Sell dragon bones. Download mods. break Quests. Uninstall mods. Break more quests. Visit limbo. Undo hours of progress. Spawn NPCS. Visit space.]534 hours and counting Still haven't finished the game]Bethesda's cut for a 4 year old game they no longer support - 45% Valve hosts the files - 30% The modder that put all the work in, fixes Beth's bugs, makes original models/textures/etc - 25% Do you see a problem here? Don't buy - donate.]i punched a chicken and murdered a bunch of priests, mom ARE YOU PROUD OF ME?]At this point, if you do not have Skyrim, I don't think there is any help for you. It's a game that needs to be owned by every Steam user, XBOX/Play Station player, and be in the dreams of every small child yet to have a gaming system. That's just the way it is, so buy this game - and don't cheap out - BUY THE LEGENDARY EDITION or you ain't nothing.]love this game theres no word to say .its just amazing the world is so huge. and endless thing to do 10/10 thumps up]A game about the Dragonborn in his quest to save the world from the end of the world. + Many questlines + Many quests + Interesting main story + Big map + Customisable + Offers the biggest amount of mods on Nexus & Steamworkshop + Interactive + Nice landscape + Offers great roleplaying opportunities + Classes + Great skill tree - First game to start with paid mods.]Skyrim is a excellent game, if it was me it be awarded for the most mod friendly game yet to be released. RPG, free-roam, customization and good by default as well. It has a giant mod community with dedicated modders and endless content, you can make content aswell. When the game can get updated it will get pretty much timeless it's what I call one of the important aspects of a game that will stay and be remembered. Eventually it will become a classic.]You can run around in a fantasy world with dragons and stuff without pants. 10/10]In Grand Theft Auto, you can hold up entire shops with a gun. In Skyrim, you can put a bucket on the shopowner's head and steal all of his belongings... 10/10 IGN]I dont know why im doing a review on this as im sure pretty much anyone with a front door and an internet connection either knows about this game or owns it. But im going to do it anyway. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim = Game of the year 2014 and 2015 and 2016 etc. Seriously awesome game especially with mods. Very replayable game with pretty much no ending. There are different ways you can play such as: Sneak, Heavy, Mage etc. And with variations like only one type of spell like destruction or- I would finish this but i want to go and play skyrim. Not even joking.]This game is an epic adventurer game and it is perfect for people who love adventure! This game is a 10/10 game and is totally AWESOME!!!]So i shouted at a chicken and a dragon came to attack the town, the town people were attacking me and the dragon so i shouted at the dragon and wrode on him, burnt all the people in the villege, killed the dragon, took his bones and scales and shouted my way to my house 100/10 would waste my life again]This is one of the top 5 games of the past 10 years in my opinion. 9.5/10: WOULD BANG.]11/10 Like Far Cry 3 with dragon.]first i got the nodachi then i chopped my wife and got more souls for my soulgem and then i built a hide helmet for my good pal alvor. alvor's a pretty good guy, and if u havent tlkd to him u probly shud, cuz hell giv u a iron dagon. you can use the dagr to sneak attack the greybeerds, and if u keep doin dat u will farm the sneek skill. eventully they won liek u and they will fus ro da u and sometimes theyll zun haal viik u if they get really mad. but still its a very fun game and i have 20 characters, and after a while you will see that dovahkiin is the true master race.]Beautiful/Enjoyable/Soul sucking addictive!]>Be a vampire running in the sunlight at low health >Witness a mammoth falling out of the sky >Try to investigate the scene >Suddenly giants hauling  to pound mine into Oblivion >Get killed by a wolf while running, 3 giants trailing behind me 9.9 papayas out of 10.]Pros Hours of gameplay, a lot quest Great main story A lot of mods Ebin graphic Cons Well making game work with mods require really a lot of patience Save games likes to get corrupted]I died by taking a spear to the throat 10/10 would pillage and plunder again.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the new blockbuster RPG from Bethesda. Is it the "ultimate RPG" all the hype surrounded it portrayed it as? No, it is not. But that's because no single RPG is for everyone. If you're looking for Dragon Age or The Witcher in Skyrim, you won't find it, as they're different kinds of RPG. If you're a fan though, and you're mainly looking for more Elder Scrolls, you can't go wrong with this. Much like the previous game in the series, Oblivion, it offers a mindbogglingly huge amount of content from the get go. Content that will take hundreds of hours to completely go through. And by then, you will have forgotten such a big part of it that a second playthrough doesn't seem like such a bad idea. Unfortunately, just like Oblivion, at the end of the day there isn't a huge variety of dungeons and once you've seen one of a said type, you've pretty much seen them all. Skyrim has tried to correct this somewhat, adding flavor to most of the dungeons in order to make them unique, but it can get tiring once you've faced the same enemy 70 times. Combat in this game is the best in the series. Third camera mode is actually viable, and while you cannot pick classes in the previous games like you used to, you can now level up freely by gathering enough skill levels, with enough skills for you to be able to create a specific, personalized character. While this deep personalization remains in Skyrim, some aspects such as spellmaking and custom enchantment creations are completely gone. While some may say this is to avoid your character being a fearsome god of destruction, Skyrim almost makes it too easy for you to do this anyway, allowing even the strongest opponents to fall easily. This includes dragons. Before Skyrim released, Bethesda made it seem dragons were the most fearsome thing on Nirn. And while the first few times you do get to fight them they will put a decent challenge, Bethesda's scaling works poorly to keep it that way as you level and gain vastly better gear. Add that to these encounters being quite common at times, they completely lose that "epic feel" of the fight and just become an annoyance, pure and simple. This wouldn't nearly annoy me as much as it does if it wasn't for the fact that other, clearly looking weaker wildlife found actually put up a better fight than the dragons do. A Shadow of the Colossus or Dragon's Dogma approach to these encounters would do the trick, as those by comparison make the dragon fights in Skyrim disappointingly shallow. While the main quest for this game is mostly horrid, it is the sidequests that offer the most enjoyment. The Daedra quests are especially great. As with the previous games, factions such as the Dark Brotherhood can be joined, and through their storyline, you will eventually rise through their ranks. A minor detail that's bugged me since Oblivion is that these factions never take into account your actual skill levels. Suppose you'd join the Mages College in Winterhold, and the teachers may comment on your great talent, but really, they're just commenting on your lack thereof. You can fully complete its storyline, clearly aimed for mages, having no magic skills at all. I know Daggerfall's old by now, but even there they would check your skills to see if you were a suitable character to join their organization. Why did they not keep this in subsequent games? While these games can be extremely immersive, sometimes that immersion can be broken at times, either by bugs, which will always be present in such a gargantuan beast of a game, or by AI repeating the same lines over and over, notably the guards' comments when you approach them. It could be worse though, no longer will you find the world of Tamriel only having 5 voice actors working on it so there are still improvements. The graphics as well. Skyrim is simply a beauty to behold. Last, and by no means least, the modding community. They have always been a staple in the series since Morrowind, adding hours of playtime to these games. Skyrim has not changed in regards to this, and it fact made mod installation easier thanks to its addition to the Steam Workshop. Find a mod you like? Just hit that subscribe button and open the launcher to see the game download it automatically. It's ridiculously simple, and you'd be silly not to give some of the fantastic mods already released a go. It's almost a sin to want to buy the console versions, due to what they miss on. These are the kinds of games that, 10 years down the road, with their DLCs fully released, will still have people modding them, and that is quite special. All in all, I say Skyrim is a must-have for anyone with a remotely passing interest in the series. It's just that good. Complete with a deep customization, great setting, believable world and endless potential. Make sure you have a lot of spare time, this game will soul trap you for a long time, and you will more than likely thoroughly enjoy it, as I have.]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating: first it's good, but later you regret it. Then you do it again.]This game is freakin' sex.]Being chronically ill, this game helps me get away from everything.]Best game I have played in a long time.]Nice game! Five stars.]Dont buy this you automaticly loose your social life xD]You should know how good this game is by now, Bethesda; Rpg; Mods; Modding in : BUY IT!!!]is good with mod mainly but vaniller game is alroght also]This game taught me how  my life is....... buy it, or get an arrow to the knee.]Back to crashing my computer without having to pay a damn thing with using mods. 10/10, would crash again. P.s Bethesda/Valve, don't EVER do the paid mods again.]One of the few games that have lived far past their expected life time, and I can guarantee that Skyrim and it's community will never die. As long as mods don't become paid again. @ ~ @]Paid mods were removed 1000/10 Skyrim is good without paid mods.]Mods are free now, game is good.]WIthout a doubt the best game I have ever played. Still play it almost every day somehow. Incredible.]So, I need help, I can't figure out if I have the game or not, because when I try to press play, it takes me to this wierd screen but doesn't load, and at some times it says I have to purchase the game and even when I press that, it takes me to this wierd screen. Idk what to do, but I need help figuring this out. :/]An excellent game, although a bit buggy, but easily worth it through myriad mods available through Steam Workshop.]Aside from all this paid mod buisness going on, Skyrim itself is a fantastic game, and remains to be one of the greatest RPGs ever since it came out back in 2011.]No paid mods 10/10 best game]HELL YEAH MODS!!]Well, that was a rough patch for us all. Valve's rescinded their paid-mods feature, and have expressed that they'll try other directions regarding financially compensating the right mod authors for the work they've put forth. Hopefully Valve has taken what feedback (in between the hate and the rage) they've collected and will produce what the people at large will support and agree with. I for one am all for donation options to mod authors, and would even suggest being able to initiate project kickstarters for those who have established a solid reputation for consistently producing high-quality mods. I'm still a tad leery (I mean, it just came and gone), but as time passes I am hopeful that things will get back to normal, that people will calm down, and that Valve will hit a solid compromise that nobody can find reason to argue with. All that drama aside, I can still recommend Skyrim to prospective customers. What Skyrim can do that most games cannot is virtually guarantee that you - yes, you, mister Anderson - will find exactly the kind of game you're looking for if you're willing to put time and effort into installing mods. You might go 30 hours before needing mods that get you a thousand hours; you might be like me and enjoy the base game for 1100 hours before playing mods. Either way, if everything continues smoothly from here on out you'll get the game you want out of Skyrim for sure.]Simple the best game i've ever played.]Thank you for hearing us out.]I've had this game for less than a week and already have 63.4 hours on record. If that isn't a sign I love it, I don't know what is. Between the amazing combat, beautiful scenery, engaging storyline, and general feeling of badassery this game gives you, there's nothing not to love. That said, if you have a girlfriend, wife, or other person you live with and care deeply for, weigh your options carefully, as this game will suck away an unhealthy chunk of your life.]Mods are free again, all good for now ^_^.]Reverse your negative reviews! Paid Steam Workshop mods are being removed and this great game deserves an "Overwhelmingly Positive" rating once more! :)]It's potentially one of the best games ever made, but you already know that and are probably just on this page for amusing jokes. 10/10 needs more dragons]I was only lv 4. Bow in hand, I was sneaking up on Valtheim Towers. The one bandit guard lazily gazed at a cliff face. I snuck closer. Suddenly, the bandit yells out; "I'm going to enjoy looting your corpse!" My heart stops. Have I been seen? Will she cut me up? She runs away from me. Before I can react, the locked doors burst open. An orc sprints out, sword in hand, and he yells; "I'm going to enjoy counting your coin!" He sprints off in the same direction as the bandit guard. I sneak up on the tower- the doors spread wide open- and peek around the corner out of curiosity. The two bandits are on one side of the river, shouting threats; on the other side, a lone rabbit, busy not caring in the slightest about what's happening. There's a third bandit, an archer, on the ridge above the rabbit. He fires arrow after arrow, missing every time. I slowly sneak into the tower, dismantling every trap and carefully checking for loot. I finally arrive on the bridge. From below, I hear a shouted threat; the rabbit is still alive- but not for long. After a solid ten minutes of being all talk, one of the bandits is finally swimming across the river to finish off the rabbit and take its phat loot. She corners the rabbit, and with a quick slice, it's over. She begins swimming back to her post. I pull out my bow. With the bandit in my sights, I release an arrow. "This is for the bunny..." I whisper. In slow motion, the arrow arcs majestically through the air towards the bandit. Boom, right in the heart. In the middle of the river. Her body floats over a waterfall. 10/10 GOTY]Skyrim is quite simply put, one of the best RPGs ever made. The game is absolutely massive, I've put in just over 100 hours so far in the last week or so and I'm probably only about 20-25% through the game. There aren't many games that give you 300 or more hours of single player gameplay in a single game and this game has to top the list. The graphics are amazing and very beautiful, the open outdoor world is massive and allows you to freely roam wherever you like with no artificial restrictions (except perhaps the boundaries of the map which I've never reached in over 100 hours of gameplay). Unlike most other Dungeons & Dragons style RPGs that follow a more pen and paper based approach to painstakingly creating a character and assigning dozens of numerical character attributes and managing them over time, Skyrim is incredibly immersive by taking a different approach to character building and evolution. In Skyrim you choose your character's race from about 10 or so different races, but you do not choose a character class or assign attribute points etc. Instead, you start out as a newbie character with no real skills other than a few benefits attributed to the race you've chosen such as being naturally resistant to fire or whatever. From that point on your character evolves based on how you choose to play the character via in-game decisions you take. Whatever weapons or skills you choose to start using to solve problems with, you will evolve those skills and become better at using them. For example, if you use a bow and arrow a lot, your archery skill will improve and you will essentially become an archer by way of doing it rather than via artificial pre-selection. If you choose to cast spells and do other forms of magic such as staves etc. then you will start to become a mage. But nothing holds you back from specializing in as many things as you want. This really makes the game incredibly flexible and tears down artificial "class" boundaries of the traditional RPG. My character is a female High Elf which has evolved via gameplay to become a Thief/Archer/Mage for example but the possibilities are endless and it allows for characters that are much more unique just as in the real world and not boxed into one well defined role. The game is infinitely moddable also and has an incredibly rich modding community, with mods that add new content and quests, new items, objects, decorations, new armour and weapons, adult content and eye-candy, humour and a multitude of other enhancements/addons. Quite simply put, this is one of the largest and incredibly fun to play RPGs ever made and any fan of RPGs who has not yet played Skyrim should definitely get this game and prepare to set aside hundreds of hours for entertainment.]I completely recommend Skyrim. I've played skyrim for years, and with free mods (let's not revisit a certain mistake) the game is never ending. I love skyrim and The Elder Scrolls series as it's been apert of my life for over 10 years now. Even if you don't like rpgs you'll more than likely like this one.]Honestly I just want you all to know that the mods for this game make this without a doubt the Greatest modern RPG and allows it to stand up to the test of time almost 4 years after its release. Not to mention that it is already a high quality game prior to mods all in all i can't advise it more!]The best open-world game ever.]The Game itself, needless to say 9/10 in its basic Rollout. 11/10 with the right Mods. As for payed Mods: It is a shining example on how a good thing in principle, with real potential to improve things, get useless and even cheeky due to a not-even-half-thought-trough concept. So far +1 for the cencelation of payed mods, like it was implemented. but -2 for the fact that not even the first rollout did get the necessary thoughts, but also for the fact that it will be a major setback for a further good-thought-through-concept. rgds]Change your reviews to Recommended, people.]Still as excellent as game as it always has been. This whole blip with the paid mods is but a small dark moment in the game's history, and with a bit of luck it will vanish into obscurity, and the game will once again shine like the star it is. ...Just my positive review I've neglected to do, to try and negate some of the negative, two word ones that have been vomited at this due to a single bad decision.]Now that paid mods are no longer a thing, I can recomend this game. It has a vibrant, free, modding community which really makes the game. It's open and you can basically do whatever you want. You're the Dragonborn and you have shouts and swords and it's pretty cool overall. Also there is loverslab for your depraved video game sex needs.]TESV: Skyrim is the 5th installation in the Elder Scrolls series of games. Pros: -Replayability: The amount of factions you can join or oppose, questlines and the like are so vast. Different playstyles grant both advantages and disadvantages, and the random encounters in the world cause nothing to be boring or dull. -Mod compatibility: The mod community for Skyrim is a myriad of different topics, from fixing small bugs, adding followers or even remodelling the game, like Skyrim Redone by T3nd0. -Open-world adventure: With many places to go and dungeons to explore, there will always be something to do in Skyrim. Cons: -Some areas feel like they're unfinished, like Windhelm. The arena would have polished the grim city off rather well, but Bethesda didn't implement it, unfortunately, although this leaves resources for mod authors to create their own renditions of the content. -Most characters have little or no unique dialogue, leading to randoms with no real purpose. -Capital cities are very empty, and have 20-35 citizens, rather oddly. Again, there are mods to fix this. -A lot of annoying bugs, some of which CAN be fixed in the console, opened with the tilde (`) key, above the tab button. Unofficial Skyrim patch helps out with these. Overall, a beautiful game, with a lot of feeling, although can feel desolate at times. Moddability is a massive plus with me, allowing for a more customised game experience. Rating: 7.3/10]About Skyrim. Skyrim is the game that has produced quality memes such as "arrow to the knee" and "no lollygagging". The game has a nice modding community and a large variety of mods from custom gear to replacing dragons with Thomas the Tank Engine. The vanilla Skyrim without mods and such is great too, it is relatively simple for people to play and doesn't require the skill level of Dark Souls for example. (In Dark Souls I find it hard not to die every 10 seconds.) Thankfully Valve listened to their customers and didn't make a thing out of Paid Mods. Also Skyrim seems to even run on a potato rather well so you don't need a hardcore gaming PC for this game.]The war is over my friends! The paid mods are dead and freed from gaben's hands. Sheath your swords and lets travel back home :).]Thank you Valve for pulling the Pay for Mods!]Longest lasting game you will ever play due to modding community. However with the recent money shaped knife violently jabbed into the back of the workshop, the future of this game is doubtful. Still an absolute necessity for all Steam owners]Skyrim is an excellent RPG capable of suck many hours from your life. It tells numerous engaging stories and delivers an immersive experience in the frozen nothern lands of Skyrim. If you've played other Elder Scrolls titles you have a decent idea of what to expect, if not you're likely going to be pleasantly suprised. The Steam Workshop mod support for this game open up a contanstly growing database of new, east to install content. Well worth the money.]One of the deepest RPG experiences ever and does the Elder Scrolls franchise justice, The story is creative and unique and excellent. combat isn't as deep as games like Witcher 2 however its easy combat system allows for the game to be accessible to all. The modding community & scene within the game is amazing, if you are looking for a way to change the dynamic of the game or just a aesthetic change there will most likely be a mod for it, weapons, armor, quests its all there. the Graphics are still quite good especially with the HD texture pack and combined with a ENB the game looks glorious. its a MUST BUY.]It's very nice. Buy it.]Now I have Monophobia.]HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS A-MAZING. skyrim has to be my favorite game of all time. i have beaten the game with every race and there is abolutely no end to the things you can do in skyrim. Bethesda created a masterpiece that should belong next to the mona lisa. PURE BAD ASSERY]Great game! Hopefully the start of a whole new fantasy series! I can't wait for Skyrim 2!]Kill a chicken get chased by the entire village like you're a serial killer. 10/10.]10/10 - highly recommend post Pay2PlayMod 0/10 - Not recommended with Pay2PlayMod "feature" 11/10 - Pay2PlayMod removed, donation button added(?)](would it break Valve's servers to allow unlimited space for text reviews?) 7/10 I have to be really, really hard on this game - not out of hate, but out of love - because while it is a masterpiece of decorative design, it is also a deeply, deeply flawed game. To summarize my ambivalence to the world of Skyrim, I need only point out that I just called it "the world" of Skyrim. Not "the game" of Skyrim. Because what we have here are game mechanics built around a beautiful environment - not a beautiful environment developed to support a great game. That's my thesis, and I'm sticking to it - this is a world first and a game second. A for that world. Oh, that beautiful, beautiful world. How did they even do it? It is a 15 square mile sandbox, of which every single inch is carefully, painstakingly hand-crafted . It flows naturally from place to place. It's packed so dense with discoverabe locations, each its own kind of little neighborhood, and it feels unbelievably vast. Throw in some tricks of perspective and it looks even more enormous than it really is. The world is magnificent. Aside: some people don't like the "sameness" of the differing environments. To me, it's called "Skyrim." So hey, there aren't any deserts or jungles or tropical beaches. They say that eskimos have 100 words for snow, and I bet the art director knew about half of them. I also bet they spent a goodly amount of time really investigating the many microclimates of the northern environment - because they faithfully replicated most of them in the game. Choosing a geographical limitation like "Norway-ish" and then doing everything you can to work within that context is not boring - it's a bold move and I applaud it. So you have a vast and pleasing world. Is that enough? Well, no. The world has to be populated by interesting places, and interesting people. So places first. Let's start with the cities. Or "cities." In one sense, the cities are the core and the best of the world - capitals to their surrounding environment, microcosms of their surrounding holds. You look around and you generally aren't wondering whether you are in Markarth or Riften, because each place has its own vibe that makes it unique. This is a great thing - it is immersive and beautiful... But. Oh, but. Walking through the city gates is where you start to be reminded that this is a fake place. No tricks of perspective can make up for the fact that at most there are 20 buildings and 50 people - and often substantially fewer. In this cradle of Tamrielic civilization there are maybe 2000 people. As a question of immersion it just takes away from the game to march across the glorious tundra and up a dang mountain and across a magical wonderbridge only to arrive at a "College" with four students and four teachers, surrounded by six shacks and 10 more people. A "game" of Skyrim would include cities that took days to fully investigate, that are so chock full of intrigue and secrets that you couldn't possibly find them all without a lot of hard work. Plop ten of those kinds of places into the word of Skyrim and you might really have something. As it is, you don't. It takes about a half hour to find every place of interest and to find and talk to every person worth talking to. Which brings us to people. Point the First, in the broad strokes, there are a wonderful variety of realized characters, each with their own backstory and clearly lived life. Point the Second: it's not enough. Consider Sapphire in Riften. She leans against a wall and when you first meet her she tells you to screw off because you have no business with her. Awesome! This is how many real people might react. But then the immersion-breaking starts. If you murder the barkeep in cold blood right in front of her, she will say the same thing. If you save a puppy, she doesn't give a rip. And again and again. Defeat the empire for the rebellion? The Stormcloak guards don't even know who you are. Become the apostle of a daedric prince that promotes cannibalism? Meh, canni-what? Yawn. Rise to the leadership of a group of known werewolves? Come on over and buy some tomatoes! Have you met my daughter? This in a nutshell gets at what is wrong with Skyrim's population. In a game where the whole point is to become a known quantity, this is unforgivable. What am I out there assassinating people for if I don't get no hate from the lawful goods and no love from the chaotic evils? Oh wait, there are no moral factions. The people are fake. And the people are also pretty boring. Do I want to know what the Jarl of Winterhold thinks of the Thieves Guild? Tough sand! And never mind the poor lumberworker down the road - he won't even tell me what he thinks of the Jarl. A woman who is supposed to spend her entire life selling food right in front of Jorvasskr has no opinion on the Companions. Two to four dialogue options apiece do not an immerive storyland make. This is because the game was secondary. But, but, people give you quests. True! And those quests are also boring. Go get some loot - go kill this guy. Come back. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. God help you if you are much curious as to motive, because mostly the quest info gives you the bare minimum to get you chasing the omni-present quest marker (which is impossible to turn off because quest journaling is incoherent). Eventually you may see some pretty lights or a semi-interesting character may die, but in the meantime you will have spent your time crawling through five dungeon types which, while admirably varied, just aren't interesting enough after the tenth one. But it's always a very, very pretty walk to the dungeons. What game? During your crawls, you will hit things with a very limited selection of melee attacks, because magic is completely nerfed after about level 15 (it stil takes my Level 58 character a long while to fry a mudcrab - with magical fire ) given the game's poor balancing and much simplified magic options. You might mix things up by sneaking up on a few at least. As for the questlines, I will be positive here. I enjoyed the stories in all of them. The problem is, quite simply, that I enjoyed the stories in all of them during the same playthrough . Do the requisite dungeon crawling and you cannot fail to become the high king poobah of each and every group in the land. Which is great for casual players, but disappointing if you care about, you know, role playing. Speaking of which, calling this an RPG is an insult to all other RPGs. If Skyrim is an RPG then so is Gears of War - you are given a role to play. Class buffs and a few special powers does not an RPG make. There are no consequences to your "choices," no world reaction to your actions, few alternative means to any particular end. If you disagree try to play through the game without picking up a weapon. Try to murder all of the Imperial Jarls and report the good news to Ulfric. Try to murder Ulfric and report the good news to Tullius. Good luck! This is not an RPG. Also, bugs. Seriously. So why do I still recommend this game, and very, very highly at that? One word: mods. Not all of the above can be addressed, but a lot has been, and the game still offers a nearly endless amount of content and playable enjoyment. I love the game like I love my family: with a large amount of frustration.]91 hours in I finished the main quest line. I am absolutely astounded by how amazing games are getting. This one came out Nov. 2011 even. I kind of bounced around between doing quests and running around like a crazy man. I ended up being a stealthy archer that could burst into flames at a moment's notice. I could one hit guys from a mile away and they never even saw what hit them. Even though I finished the main quest line, I feel like I've barely started playing. I can't imagine the amount of man hours required to polish this game. I was using a few mods. SkyUI being the most important. I can't recommend this game enough. I hope some day I can find time to play the expansions. I only wish a 2nd player could have controlled my follower. haha Maybe I would have set her on fire less often.]SKYRIM. The best game man has ever created, no questions asked. Period. Buy it or die]There's always something to do in this epic game, just riding your horse and look around is amazing. The main quest is really cool, yet it's just a tiny piece of the game. One does not simply finish Skyrim! I can't write everything, it's seriously so much to know. To make it as short as possible; if you like to slay dragons and other evil creatures, look like a badass, help people with all sorts of tasks and travel through beautiful landscapes and scary dungeons, you HAVE to play this game.]This is by far one of the best rpgs created with 273 quests this game is a must buy.]Shouted a bunny off the top of a mountain. 10/10]Great storyline, fantastic quests, some hilarious dialogue, fine mechanics, charming npcs, brilliant companions and to top it off, there's mods.]Probably the only game that has more mods installed then my Garry's Mod. Prepare to have your hard drives utterly molested by Skyrim mods. From graphics, tweaks, additional content, patches, textures, sweet rolls, and exploding chickens, Skyrim has it all. And you can make women incredibly busty aswell.]A game where you can kill a Dragon by Shouting at it. A game where you can become hidden and steal stuff by placeing a bucket on the store keepers head. A game where you can marry cats, lizards, elves and orcs. A game where you can kill a demi god nickednamed the "World Eater" easily, yet children are immortal. A game where you can go to the moon by taunting a Giant. A game where the guards of citys always seem to know everything, even more than you. A game where you can bring two bandits back from the dead as zombies, walk around a city with them, and no one seems to give a . A game where chickens count as eye witeness's to your crimes. -11/10 Would steal a sweetroll again. (On a more serious note, the game's very big, its fun, but the combat is a bit dull and lacks any weight to it.)]A wealth of exploration, combat and interaction. There's always something to do. Plus, the (brilliant) modding community expands the potential of this game infinitely. A must-buy.]Amazing game! Plenty of hours to be had]LOVE IT.. Play it more on other accounts bloody brillent game! :D defo recommend <3]Mods. Mods everywhere. Can't stop installing mods. BUY THE GAME NOW!!!]I am a big fan of the elder scrolls series since morrowind and enjoy the story mode a lot and i like doing mods and messing around with them.]I guess I like playing this game, I enjoy how the cows look real woolen, almost like a wooly cow, or a wooly rhino. Plus there are lots of goats in this game, but I dont think there are any sheep, which doesnt make sense... where would the cows get the wool from in the first place? It's the small questions like that one which make the game for me. I mean what other game out there right now has woolen cows in it? I cant think of a single one, not even farming simulator 2012 has cows made of wool in it so why does that game even get so much credit in the first place? I dont get it. If a game doesn't have woolen sheep and does have woolen cows, then tell me where the cows get the in wool from, all these unanswered questions are what make this game so great, and better than its competitors such as checkers or Big 2.]"Like Fallout 3 with magic and dragons."-IGN]great game]Great Game. Nothing more to say.]Made the way how I look at sandbox games forever. It's that good. If you hear anyone give this game below a 7/10 at most, they have brain problems.]Simply one of the best open world RPG game. Played more than 50 hours and can't stop playing it. Huge map with a lot of quest. Stunning story and good graphics. Also it's moddable and there's a lot of things to do. Another great work from Bethesda!]This is a great game there are so many quest lines, people, places and great graphics. this game is just so addicting.]Great game! One of the first male NPC's in the game was drunk and challenged my female character to a fistfight for $100. Also I screamed a goat off of a mountain, which was good.]A brilliant RPG set in a beautifully created world. Dragons, ogres and bandits run amok and you can easily lose yourself in the game doing the near infinite amount of quests. Be a stealthy assassin or powerful mage and discover the power of the Dragonborn while fight for the Imperial Empire or Stormcloak Rebellion... if you want to. There is so much to this game that you can spend over 100 hours in it and never touch the main quests and when you're done, it has an extensive modding community to offer new creatures, weapons and entire quests to keep your adventure going.]Get this. If you are reading the reviews stop. right there, Scroll back up and buy this game. Right now. DON'T LOOK AT THE NEXT REVIEW, GET THE GAME. NOW.]200 mods later i'm firing lightning out of bombshell bewbs at thomas the train 10/10 realism - IGN]I only play this for the jiggly boob mods.]One of the greatest games of all time. It sure earned those 200 GOTY awards. (game of the year)]Skyrim, oh where to start. I got the game for the Xbox 360 christmas 2011 (yes I was a console peasent back then) and was instantly dragged into a fanboy state. I remember the opening cutscene playing and I just sat there squeling like a little girl. After powering through the tutorial I was faced with the massive worldspace and the hours of exploring, questing and fighting that lied ahead. As I slowly walked towards the town of riverwood, I saw the amazing variety of landscapes that sprawled out across the world and stood in awe wondering where to begin. On the subject of gameplay, despite a few minor bugs (which have mostly been patched by mods like the unofficial skyrim patch and Bethesda's own patches) it's extremely fun and engaging. The way the combat feels is amazing (expecially the archery) and the more tedious tasks (crafting, enchanting and alchemy for example) are fun and rewarding in their own way. The story was exciting (if a little bit predictable) and the characters were interesting. However there are (as with all games) some downsides. You can find yourself forced down a few paths and sometimes you'll experience game breaking issues (like one of the master spell quests was bugged for me) but it doesn't take away from what a truely great experience Skyrim is.]-Epic Music -Cruel finishing Moves -Complex story with some twitches -Great and nearly endless map -A challenge when played on highest difficulty -Awesome add-ons and workshop-items I really recommend this item especially if it's nearly free in sale (17 bucks for Legendary ?! DAMN BOY JUST BUY IT).]Shouting at bears has never been so fun.]Don't buy this game before exams.]I broke my game after less then an hour of playing it. Ten stars.]Skyrim... I don't really think there's much that I can say about this game that hasn't already been said! I've played hundreds of hours on this game (I initially played on console) and I've loved every minute! Skyrim is one of those games that just never gets old, you can always come back to it and there'll be new stuff to find. And that's just Vanilla without mods; the modding community for this game is fantastic, and if you can't find what you want on the Steam Workshop there are thousands of mods on the Skyrim Nexus. From things as simple as retextures to make your game beautiful, all the way up to entirely new worlds, there are mods out there that will completely change your experience. And that's what I lovwe about this game, it never plays the same twice! I highly recommend this game to anyone, even if you're not a big RPG fan, this game is still a masterpiece! At such a low price now, this game is an absolute steal!]A little more action heavy than previous Elder Scrolls games. Rpg elements are a bit lighter, with fallout style perks to help diversify character builds. The world is huge. Easily hundreds of hours of game-play. After 2 years, I still come back to play a night every few weeks. One of my all time favorite games.]One of the best cRPG ever created. The mods allow to extent the gameplay significantly and although I have played it quite a lot, I still find new quests and uncompleted tasks.]Had this on the Ps3 when it came out and bought it during the Thanksgiving sale. Totally worth it. It is so much better on PC then it is on Console]great game. 200 hours in and I have finished the theives guild questline, dark brotherhood questline, and the college of winterhold questline, and have close to 50,000 gold. along with the quests, the DLCs are also worth the money. words of wisdom: Dragonborn DLC is not a good idea to purchase before level 40-50. I tried at level 5, kept on dying, tried again at 20, also kept on dying, and once again at level 45 and let me tell you, even then it is still pretty hard. The hearthfire DLC is pretty cool, you get to build a house, adopt kids, move in with your wife etc. The only problem is; be prepared to spend a lot of gold and collect a lot of recources, because you have to build EVERYTHING in your house. I mean EVERYTHING. Unless you want to spend 10,000 gold to have your housecarl (you can move people like lydia into your house) and have them decorate for you. overall, the game is very time consuming, fun, and well put together. 10/10]I saw a mammoth fall from the sky. 104.09/104.09]Placed my hand next to the PC fan Suffered from 3rd degree burns 10/10 would place my hand again.]Iv'e re-played the story over 3 times, and had a completely different experience each go. 10/10.]In my time Skyrim has been one of the best games I've ever played.It has all you need for an indulging play. If you like medievil, dragon age, steel clashing things then I suggest Skyrim. I like skyrim for the freedom and the fact you dont need to choose a class you can make one be it, ranger, mage, battle-mage, warrior, swordsman, theif, assasin etc. its your choice. DLCs are a good addon but they are quiet pricey so the cheapest and the best(in my view) is Hearthfire, the others yea, killing fighting but hearthfire is one of my favourite. You can build your own house which I think is pretty cool and raise a familiy. So yes I suggest Skyrim I think its a great game and you should play it.]Quite possibly the greatest game to end the Xbox 360/Playstation 3 era. There is so much to do in this game - if you had 20 dollars to spare and you could only purchase one game in the next 4 years, this would be the game to buy. I have about 1000 hours collectively put into this game from 2011. I bought this game when it first came out (a few months after my high school graduation). I used to pirate games but thanks to this game, I now purchase games legitimately. Why? Because I realized that developers like this need that financial support. The amount of love that the development team put into this game is legendary. You can tell that they truly cared about creating a place that would forever last in your memories. I've beaten the game's main stories only twice, but there is still a crap-ton of stuff you can do afterwards. The game simply never ends. I often crave for the game's viking theme and it truly feels like a new game each time. Anyways, if you haven't purchased the game already, you truly NEED this game in your library. You cannot call yourself a gamer and NOT have played this game. Greatest game of all time (so far) 10/10.]This Game Has A Great Story, A Great Ending, And Great Boss Battles! Play It! This Means You Nicky!]I absolutely love this game. I haven't had this much fun since... well, Oblivion, which might not come as such a big surprise. Bethesda might have frightening lawyers, but they sure as hell know how to make an amazing game! It is most certainly a must play for anyone who likes RPG's or open-world games.]thiis one of the best games i have ever played in my life it has a thrilling sotry and many other great features, definatly a 10/10 anyone who loves role play games and aventure, this is the game for you]Get this game!]its a good game, my only complaint SO FAR was when i bought it on christmas morning, 50% off, around noon, it became 75% off...WTF STEAM!]Beautiful/Enjoyable/Soul sucking addictive!]>Be a vampire running in the sunlight at low health >Witness a mammoth falling out of the sky >Try to investigate the scene >Suddenly giants hauling  to pound mine into Oblivion >Get killed by a wolf while running, 3 giants trailing behind me 9.9 papayas out of 10.]Pros Hours of gameplay, a lot quest Great main story A lot of mods Ebin graphic Cons Well making game work with mods require really a lot of patience Save games likes to get corrupted]I saw a mammoth fall from the sky. 104.09/104.09]Placed my hand next to the PC fan Suffered from 3rd degree burns 10/10 would place my hand again.]Iv'e re-played the story over 3 times, and had a completely different experience each go. 10/10.]its an art . its hard to describe but Skyrim brings you to another dimension. excellent music, atmosphere and lore you may forget your real life]Attempted to kill a child with dubstep cannons, it ran and batman suplexed it to death. Kamahameha'd a chicken, it exploded and I died. 10/10]Paid 10 gold to see a soupspoon. Thanks Bethesda 10/10]Really well done game i enjoyed a lot. if you get this game you can get mods from the steam workshop to make it better.]I feel like I've got enough hours under my belt to put together a fair review of this game, so let's hope it'll be a useful one. At the time of leaving this review, I've clocked 199 hours, but I've played this game for a fair amount of time in offline mode on top of that, probably about 20 hours or so. So what was I doing on this game for all that time? The first 30 or so were pretty much a waste, though this isn't really the fault of the game. I went into this game not really knowing what to expect, as I knew little to nothing about the world of Elder Scrolls. I was more eager to just play than I was to pay attention to the characteristics and powers of each race, so I ended up choosing a Nord and progressing down an all-rounder character route, investing skill points in a bunch of random skill trees. While the idea of being an all-rounder and being able to approach combat however you choose might sound appealing, in this game it felt really boring, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It encouraged me to start fresh, and being partial to the magic and spells in this game, I decided to play through as a high elf mage and found this route to be right for me and overall pretty enjoyable. However, sometimes the game crashes without warning and may crash again at the exact same point the next time you attempt it, which can be extremely irritating and make gameplay feel beyond tedious. Also, if I'd played this game on a console instead of PC, I'm not really sure how I'd feel about it, for two reasons. The first is console commands, which (among other things) allow you to perform actions which should have been features implemented in the base game available from a low level, such as allowing you to remove perks you've chosen and select different ones in their place. The second is mods, the modding community has produced a whole variety of very useful mods which fix bugs, balance combat and leveling, and add in new features (some of which should have been there in the first place) - overall making the game a MUCH more enjoyable experience. All in all, I do like this game, but if I didn't have access to console commands and mods, I probably wouldn't like it all that much.]What a fantastic game! It's even better that I purchased it from Amazon.com! Where it was delivered much quicker than I initially expected! It came with no damage to the exterior of the game's case and the packaging was incredibly secure! Great job Amazon!]One of my favorite RPG games of all times and mods make this game just so.....Sexy]It's like Skyrim with guns!]Don't have a social life anymore, thanks.]I shot a chicken with an arrow and it blew up. 15/10]I played this game for 3 Years. The first 2 where on my xbox, but the I realised you can mod the game, so i left my level 60 Orc with daedric armour and gone straight to my old shanky PC. and because of skyrim I've became a PC gamer. Thanks Skyrim, thank you!!! 100000/10]Basically the story about Tom Sawyer and how his mind is not for rent.]This game makes you want to play it and then gives you the possibility to mod your game and then you simply can't stop adding until you see that isn't running perfectly and delete all your mods to install them again and you  up on something and you go cry in the corner, I had probably twice the hours I had playing in this game just from modding today is a sad day. I give up from installing mods in this I can't even load my game and I honestly lost all my effort on trying to understand why it happened. Farewell skyrim, I will cry to my bed now and maybe play you someday vanilla, I just hope witcher 3 has hundreds of hours like this game although I doubt it. TL;DR: This game will make you feel miserable if you mess with make a mistake with mods but it was worth it when it worked. Edit: Made this review when I had 70 hours or something now 170 and currently growing, best game ever if you get your mods working together]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is personally, my favorite story-based game. The many classes you can be enriches the game, and you can defeat the ultimate dragon in numerous ways according to your chosen warrior. Not only do you play the storyline, but you can choose to freely roam Skyrim at any point in the game, and obtain the best gear in the game. The huge variety of enemies and monsters to defeat in the game creates an endless fun experience. Getting the DLC for the game enhances the game in many ways. 11/10]Probably one of the best buys I've ever made in my short gaming career. A solid playthrough altogether, the possibilities with mods are literally endless, and you will find yourself sinking hundreds of hours into what I beleive to be a fantastic buy.]Bought the whole game and all its dlcs twice, Xbox and PC. Combined 46 days of playtime. 11/10 -It was ok- -Far Cry with swords-]Don't even read the rest of the reviews. Just buy the game. You may lose half your lifetime playing it but it will be worth it. Trust me.]Play it. Please. And have 800 hours of gaming on it, like me.]I used to hate skyrim, but then i took 4 arrows to the knee... Now i love it 10/10, would skyrim again. If skyrim was bread, it would be good bread Buy the damn thing if you havent]Great game bethesda about a year ago i bought it for the pc but before that just played on the ps3.]Wow, this game took me hours just to finally take seriously. I spent days messing around in the villages of skyrim, killing and stealing. This game makes me feel like I have unlimited options, i'd definetely recommend it! It starts with you as a prisoner but are saved by a dragon attack!!? You can later choose to be the rebels, Stormcloaks, or the Empire. Of course you can also stop the dragons, though. But as sad as it is, it took me hours to start the storyline!]Every time I watch The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Full Trailer a tear runs down my face 10/10]You will not understand why everybody says how good this game is, until you will play it. You can put mods that make the gameplay even more fantastic than that already is. Amazing Game 10/10! P.S. I'm writing this review after spending 1000+ hours]Buy it and mod it now you s.]Play it. Please. And have 800 hours of gaming on it, like me.]I used to hate skyrim, but then i took 4 arrows to the knee... Now i love it 10/10, would skyrim again. If skyrim was bread, it would be good bread Buy the damn thing if you havent]Great game bethesda about a year ago i bought it for the pc but before that just played on the ps3.]Wow, this game took me hours just to finally take seriously. I spent days messing around in the villages of skyrim, killing and stealing. This game makes me feel like I have unlimited options, i'd definetely recommend it! It starts with you as a prisoner but are saved by a dragon attack!!? You can later choose to be the rebels, Stormcloaks, or the Empire. Of course you can also stop the dragons, though. But as sad as it is, it took me hours to start the storyline!]I really liked this game, it has hours of play and so many diffrient things to do. From vampires, to dragons, to werewolfs, to wizards, there are so many major quest lines to do. Another thing about the game is that it is skill based compared to mainly level based. There is still a leveling system, but it relies hevily on skills. That was my favorite part.]If you haven't played Skyrim yet, you're an idiot.]I finished the Main Quest for Skyrim a couple of days ago and I have to say I'm just a little dissapointed at the ending. The first encounter with Alduin was more epic then the second. I may make a mod just to right that tragedy (I also might make another one but as I do not trust the internet and awesome Idea's I shall not speak of it). Other than that I am way more than satisfied with the game. It has great graphics, awesome gameplay I feel like a warrior blowing away my enemies, and what is more fun than slaying dragons and even riding them?]The Best RPG Game in history.]Beyond awesome. PRO: Open world rpg with emergent behaviors and a compelling story line. +loads of content CON(s): You will often stop playing other games when you realize "hey, I could be playing Skryim instead". +game doesn't mow your lawn]Only one word can describe this game. EPIC. This is by far one of the greatest open word fantasy RPG's of all time. If you don't have this game, you're doing it wrong!]Good game would play again/10]Found two bandits fighting a fish in water. They almost died.]Like Far Cry 3 with swords! 10/10- IGN]The game is great much like the other Bethesda game has full freedome to lurk around where ever you want without worry of your quests and as any of the other titles full mod support makes the game have limitless hours of gameplay by far the game has much to offer evryone who has a chance to try and play it should.]its really a fun game i never get bored of it]I can describe this game in one single word: Amazing. I don't like the roleplay genre, but I like this game. I can't write more, I need to play Skyrim! I'm addicted! Damn!]I really liked this game, it has hours of play and so many diffrient things to do. From vampires, to dragons, to werewolfs, to wizards, there are so many major quest lines to do. Another thing about the game is that it is skill based compared to mainly level based. There is still a leveling system, but it relies hevily on skills. That was my favorite part.]If you haven't played Skyrim yet, you're an idiot.]I finished the Main Quest for Skyrim a couple of days ago and I have to say I'm just a little dissapointed at the ending. The first encounter with Alduin was more epic then the second. I may make a mod just to right that tragedy (I also might make another one but as I do not trust the internet and awesome Idea's I shall not speak of it). Other than that I am way more than satisfied with the game. It has great graphics, awesome gameplay I feel like a warrior blowing away my enemies, and what is more fun than slaying dragons and even riding them?]The Best RPG Game in history.]FUS ROH DAH YOUR , DRAGON! Who wouldn't want this game?]Wow this was a great game, i played it for days!! Skipped school and dropped out just to place this game. My children died. #Masterpiece #100endings #Oblivionsucks]Incredible FPS RPG, one of the best current RPG's to buy. 1000's of mods of are available, I recommend, in addition to Steam workshop, Nexus mod manager http://www.nexusmods.com/games/mods/modmanager/? to handle the many great mods from Nexus http://www.nexusmods.com/games/? Thanks Boltte]This game is definitely a game.]Play this game. No, seriously. Play it.]The best RPG game]like morrowind and oblivion, but not irritating to the point of tedium. It is, without exaggerating, an old RPG gamers' best friend. No pointless pursuit of stats. gratifying to explore and beautiful to behold.]Love it 10/10 !]This game is awesome!]wow what a amazing game i mean it's like so cool and flashy like a man waveing a gun in ur face and like if u move i will blow ur brains out so yer as i was saying its so cool because it's so reolistic because u shout a people and they go oh no! then a thing comes out of ur mouth and it makes them go flying i mean i can do that also i can fly any geting back to the point AAAA! OMG there's a talking crow in my room AAAAA! run, run for the hills. Hey wait ru still reading? most people get bord by now and then play skyrim and go oh look at me i have dadric armor lalala! oh yer reading all this is a mistake because i have no opinion so lol u just wasted a min of ur life reading this crap!]Truly an amazing game. If you a fan of fantasy this is a must play. ALso with the amount of mods available you make this our own.]One of the few games you spend 200 hours on to complete only then to decide to start again whilst looking forward to it. Ive now completed (and brought it with all the DLC) on PS3 (Twice), Xbox360 and most recently PC (Total usage on all platforms over 1000 hours) and still believe its money well spent. Cant wait for the next installment]Awesome game! Loved every second of the gameplay can't wait to play more. Definately worth the buy!]not enough dragons]Very good game, es muy bueno.]-tier game until my folder becomes 500+gbs then it's worth it, 5/10]i watch furry stuff on website i get virus i download mod with bestiality i no get virus 10/10 use protection]Miss hit the guard when trying to kill a dragon ... get a bounty points 13/10]TLDR: this game is tops. If for some reason you haven't tried Skyrim at this point, the gamer inside me wants to express its greatness to you. Haters gonna hate though, if you're among them, move along. A beautifully designed fully immersive world. I'm sad to admit I'm in the population of Elder Scrolls players who started with Skyrim, but what an absolutely amazing game. I've played roughly 10x more than my clocked hours on this account, from previous accounts, other consoles, and watching friends play. I am currently on my 10th playthrough, which was mostly played on 6/6 difficulty - Legendary, other plays outside the first on 5/6 - Master. Every playthrough was an adventure. Purchasing the Legendary Edition was a great buy, and well worth the investment. 6/6 diff has proven itself to be a hefty challenge, and it requires you to use every beneficial aspect of the game possible in order to step out the front door (or prison gates). With a civil war going on, ancient Dragonpriests maintaining themselves and their undead armies centuries after their deaths, relentless elves from the Aldmeri Dominion, troubling social class strata, pesky and meddling Daedra, and people with problems around every corner, the options of things to do are virtually endless. Will you choose to help and save the world, or become the most powerful super villian Skyrim has ever seen? Oh yea did I forget to mention dragons? Cuz we got those too. An wonderful aspect of this game is the amount of workshop material developed by the community, and many mods alter the gameplay from texture updates, ui features, building your own civilization, allowing followers to mount horses, having a handful of followers to be your personal army, and more unstable ones that even let you turn into a dragon yourself. After strolling the steam workshop along with nexus mods, I've found dozens of addons that I've stuck with through multiple playthroughs. 3 DLC: Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn In a nutshell- Dawnguard further develops the plight of the vampires in Skyrim, and allows you to either join a faction that seeks and destroys vampires, or become one yourself. Hearthfire adds 3 plots of land (in addition to the 5 buyable houses) available for purchase, where you can build your own home with a creative house building interface that lets you build your house piece by piece and eventually build a large manor with 3 wings and a basement. Don't forget your spouse and (up to) 2 adoptable children can move and live there as well. Sadly Winterhold is the only hold where a house or plot of land is unavailable to purchase. Dragonborn offers the new playable area of Solstheim, and a main quest line to go along with it, involving a previous Dragonborn who abused the powers of one of the Daedra, Hermaeus Mora, and gained immense power. The spells, abilities, and Thu'um (or shouts) you discover in this expansion are extremely powerful, including unique buffs you yourself can siphon from the knowledge contained by Herma-Mora. All in all, 11/10. If you're on console, good luck fully completing a playthrough, you will hit a game breaking glitch. PC users luckily can use console commands to fix virtually any problem, glitch, or mishap you may encounter. Familiarizing yourself with useful commands is recommended. As with a game this big, you have to expect hiccups, but on PC there hasn't been a problem I couldn't fix. Recommended over and over, replayability is huge, if you get bored, mod it up, there's lots out there.]My review for this game is located at: http://steamcommunity.com/app/72850/discussions/0/41973820730406687/ The reason that it is there and not here is due to it not fitting in this space. If you are here simply to know whether or not I would recommend this game, then it is with a hearty yes. Skyrim is a fantastic open-world fantasy Western RPG that has held up extremely well since its release, largely due to its vibrant modding community.]Having played The Elder Scrolls games throughout my childhood, I can honestly say this is a masterpiece. Oblivion was great but all of the gripes I had with Obvilion have been fixed and things I didn't even think of were added. If Bethesda was any other software company, they would've overdone themselves, but this is Bethesda we're talking about: They performed at the highest level, as usual.]The reason why I have steam.]BEST PURCHASE IVE EVER DONE. Skyrim. -----> Epic. (I bought the Legendary Edition, so i got Hearthfire+Dawguard+Dragonborn aswell in this package) Great story behind this game, epic graphics. (Could've shown a bit more boobs...but thats just me :)) Say it again: Best 'Money-Waste' ive ever done. I think you should throw away some cash to get this! Strongly Recommend!! /!\]Okay. This is the greatest game I've ever played. Just getting that out. In the uninspired craphole of Call of Duty and Battlefield, this game is a massive breathe of fresh air. Everthing is virtually PERFECT The Visuals The Music The Combat The Item System EVERYTHING IS IMMACULATE This is the first fantasy game in YEARS to feel like a fantasy game. Everything feels so unique and well done. The NPC's feel real, the visuals immerse you so quickly you'll be completely unaware of anything going on around you. At first the story seems very cliche but it works incredibley. The story mode is the perfect length. It's not as depressingly short as Batman: Arkham City yet not as annoying long as Portal 2. Even if the story doesn't quite quench your thirst for adventure, there are hundreds of side quests and side quest lines to keep you occupied The levelling system is smooth, and you actually have to practice to level up in any given skill tree. Want to level One-Handed combat? Grab a One-Handed Sword, head into the wilds and start slaughtering. Want to level illusion spells? Equip some, find some test subjects and see what your spells can do. I have this game on Xbox 360 and PC, and I honestly prefer the Xbox version BUT, there is one thing the PC can do that consoles can't. MODS There are thousands of mods that can do anything from adding a huge arena to the vast game world, to making NPC's run indoors when a dragon attacks a village. Mods can help you iron out the few imperfections this game has. The game world is vast, sprawling and beautiful. Anything from a shack inhabited by a little old lady who turns out be an evil and powerful witch, to huge and active cities full of lootable shops, houses that can all be broken into and individual and interesting NPC's that interact with you in different ways depending on how you act. With unique and hand-crafted temples and dungeons, villages deep in the mountains, lairs inhabited by sleeping dragons and secret crypts that all somehow link to a quest. Saying this game has "good graphics" is a massive understatement. The textures look a little low-res when you get up close but the world never fails to immerse you with it's beauty and realism There are 3 basic ways to go in this game: The Warrior, The Thief and The Mage. If you choose the path of the warrior you will be responible for levelling thing like One-Handed, Two-Handed, Blocking and Heavy Armour, which eventually allows you to pulverize any enemy who dare stand in your way. If you choose the Path of the Thief (like I did) You will have to level skill like Lockpicking, Pickpocketing (my personal favourite) and Sneak, which allows you to slither through any nook and cranny silently and maybe doing some looting If you choose the Path of the Mage, you will have to level skills such as Illusion, Destruction, Conjuration and Restoration, which allow you to apply paralysis, poisoning and enslavement on any and all NPC's. Restoration, however, allows you to heal the wounds of you and your allies. The DLC packs for this game include in order: Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn. Dawnguard is my favourite of the 3. In it, you are told of a vampire hunting group called the Dawnguard. If you visit Fort Dawnguard, you will be sent to Castle Volkhier, were you will meet, you guessed it, VAMPIRES!!! At this point you're given the choice to join the Vampires and reek havok OR Get the hell out of there and return to Fort Dawnguard and become a vampire hunter. I won't spoil anything but it's definately worth what it costs. Hearthfire is rather simple. This expansion pack allows you to purchase land, build a home and start a family. It's nice but building a house is hard work, which I enjoy, but you need a lot of patience. Finally, Dragonborn. I didn't like Dragonborn that much, but it was a fun expansion and definately worth it. Tip: If you stand atop the highest southern mountain on a clear day, you can see Whitegold Tower in Cyrodil, from Oblivion! How cool is that!?!? Bethesda has created the perfect western RPG and one I will compare future WRPG's to in the future. It may sound like I'm kissing Bethesda's  here, but they deserve nothing less after this masterpiece. If you were a fan of any Elder Scrolls game before this, you WILL enjoy the hell out of Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim easily earns the score of 10/10. PERFECT If you've bothered to read this far without running off and buying the game, do it. NOW. You can't realize what a good game is until you play this game.]This is probably my favorite game. What is lacking in content, you can just get in mods!]10/10 Gives moist nipples. Very Gooch.]A must have for everybody's collection!! It provides hours and hours of gameplay...]THIS GAME IS THE MOST AMAZING THING IN THE WORLD! I've owned it one PS3 and Xbox 360 and now I own it for PC. I've logged hundreds of hours between the two consoles and I can't reccomen this game highly enough.]People tell me to enjoy life you have to stop and smell the flowers. Well, people, its kind of hard to do that when even the flowers are spurting consumerism all over your face in a strangely suggestive manner. The hype surrounding the release of Skyrim was the truest example of this and I dont think Ive ever seen so many nerds swoon at one time. The game will see you as a prisoner again (these guards really have to stop arresting the worlds greatest heroes) when youre freed by a reptilian anger management escapee; a story for the ages for sure. Finally, after choosing to follow your death penalty chum or the man that nearly turned you into the next Eugene Armstrong, you are let loose upon the unsuspecting land of Skyrim. At this point youre left to your own devices and by all means you can follow the ever present arrow to the following plot point or you can jog off, find a shop, put a cooking pot on the shopkeepers head and steal all his goods assuming you play the PC version, if not you can suck on my dragon bone. However, there are situations the game randomly drops you in. I fondly look upon the time I killed a blacksmith and received money from her will even though that was the first time I met her. Of course then her boyfriend caught on and hired mercenaries to kill me, but ended up killing an innocent bystander, who I then also received money from, suckers! I bet youre expecting an ending statement here, but Im afraid the reptile had an aneurism and burned it up. By the way, I know you'll get the nude and killable children mods.]The replayability of this game is endless on PC with mods and with such graphics anyone in the family would enjoy this rpg.]In all the hours I've played Skyrim, I'm still not tired of it. I had for the 360 for a while, and I put a ton of hours into it. Now that I have it on the computer, I would definitley reccomend it to anyone. The mods you can get for the game is ridiculous, and it can add so much to your game. Overall, even though it is an older game, it is still one of my personal favorites.]Found a dead guy on the side of the road. He had 100 gold. Would do again.]A very pretty open-world game and amzing combat and story!!! :D]Best game in the world.]Probably my least favorite TES that I have played, though that doesn't mean its horrible, it has a lot of copy and pasted content (Castles, Crypts, Caves). For a 3D game it still focuses more on stats then skill which is a bit of a problem but mods like Duel or Ace can fix combat and the AI performance to make it a little more fun and bearable. There is a lot to do in this game though its a lot of the same thing over and over again, it has a few stand out quests/dungeons and has a fun and intriguing main storyline though the civil war campaign is garbage and most of the things in the game get very repetative. The puzzles in this game are incredibly easy (and the same over and over again much like the combat and stealth). - AI - The AI in the game aren't very good when it comes to combat (or common sense for that matter). A lot of the AI have cool personalities and some of them even have very unique backgrounds. As I said earlier mods like Duel, Ace can improve AI combat performance. - Stealth - The stealth system is almost completely stat based, it requires at low levels you will be detected fairly easily but after leveling up your stealth (perks or not) you become almost impossible to detect. - Combat - As I implied earlier the combat in this game is very generic and easy. Fighting as a warrior all you have to do is kite, attacking then running back over and over. Fighting as an archer (stealth or not) is just about draining as many arrows as you can in them before they get close to you. It is hard to miss as an archer because of the crosshair (which you can disable) (<-- I did) but at very distant ranges it can become a bit challenging. Mages in this game are bad and boring to put it simply, they don't do much damage until they are very high levels and even then you feel more like a glass rifle then a glass cannon. - Wrap-up - This game feels like it is just trying to make dumb people feel like badasses rather then challenging the players in any way (I feel Morrowind made players think and put effort forth to figure things out a majority of the time). The game is good for one vanilla playthrough since the stupid level up system they put in this game enables you to not have to choose a playstyle and stick with it (the game does that a lot in different ways giving you many chances to back out of a choice after you learned the consequences). The level up system makes replaying the game practically pointless (if you are looking to have different playthrough experiences) since there are almost no choices in the game that have any real impact on anything. 6/10 as a standalone game. 5/10 as a TES game. 1/10 required intelligence level (MOST OF THE THINGS I SAID THAT WERE WRONG WITH THIS GAME CAN BE IMPROVED WITH MODS THOUGH THAT SHOULD NOT BE AN EXCUSE TO SAY THE GAME IS GOOD. MY RATING IS BASED OFF OF THE VANILLA GAME EXPERIENCE.)]I was hooked from the moment I woke up on the cart and am still hooked. I have been the quintessential wizard, dashing rogue as well as the antitypical orc diplomat. With so many different ways to play the vanilla game how can you not become enmeshed in the grandeur and spectacle that is Tamriel? And just when you think you are done someone makes a mod that you have to try and then the cycle begins anew. It's not real but the feelings are.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a game where you play as a soulless serial  who tries to suck the souls out of innocent dragons. This game is absolutely stunning on low graphics, and you have to play it on low graphics or your game will crash from entering a building. The combat system has REDEFINED the Elder Scrolls series, as it is changed to a right-click to block, and a left-click to hit. The entire modding community of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is made up of 40-year-old perverts who sit in there mother's basements and try to make graphically enhancing mods for nude characters that have visible neck seams. I would rate The Elder Scrolls V: Skyman a 12/10.]Started out as a Nordic woman, ended up marrying Lydia. 10/10 would marry her again right after I go and shove a few more swords into another dragon.]Amazing open world map with great varity of things to do]So like I was playing this game and my mom comes in (keep in mind, she's a total looney), and she's like, hey Jimjam (short for Jimmy Jamper) your sandwich is ready. I go downstairs. No sandwich.]Playing it through the 1st run through is great as it takes a while to finish off the campaign. The missions are diverse and intense, yet some show surreal serenity. The one problem which I have come across is repetitiveness, as when you make a new character you will find that you will drop off slowly. - Squinty]Very expansive game with unending mods really keeps you playing it.]probably my favourite game of all time! this has the best modding community ever. 10 years into the future and i bet people are still playing skyrim.]Truthfully the best game RPG game I have ever played. Totally worth every cent.]Total play time upon writing this review: PC: 210 hours Xbox 360: about a billion years Endlessly replayable game, with hundreds of side quests to waste your life on. Plus, the fantastic modding community that this game has means you will NEVER run out of things to do. And there's a mod which makes chickens explosive. Enough said. 10/10 would destroy my social life all over again.]What outside world? 11/10]I saw a dragon this one time. It was a goat]Played this game for 1001 hours now Maxed out mods Still not crashing Skyrim is love Skyrim is life Everyday Skyrim]the amount of entertainment I get from putting dead bodies into sexual positions is concerning]A open world game with a world that seems never ending. You will face strong Warriors, Mages, Armys, And of course the most deadly the dragon. with many dungeons to explore vanilla skyrim alone sets itself high above what I initially expected. Placed in a world where two factions clash against one another in wars. (If you choose to do them this game gives you immensive control over decisions) Want to be a mage? Ok. Want to be a Warrior in your armor with a giant sword? Ok. Lets delve farther into this idea of freedom though. Something new and exciting. Want to be a mage wearing heavy armor wielding a sword? Ok. But theres just so much customization you can make your own unique character and it doesn't stop there. If you choose so the skyrim nexus or steam workshop has a extensive library of mods to help you make that special person in your mind. Want a specific looking armor? Want something outragous like exploding arrows? Want a car? For whatever reason you would want one in this game... You can get it with mods! Ending this games rating I would highly recommend. Ive spent countless hours playing it since it first came out and it still brings me much enjoyment. Its honestly worth more then any game ive ever bought so much so that I had to buy the steam version so I could use mods and experiment more with it then the consoles allow. My rating for this game is 10/10 and I would definitely buy again if I had too.]used to play weeks worth of this masterpiece in my old PS3 and i got the PC one because mods :3 and it's arguably one of the best RPG games ever made. every penny worth.]When some donkey  smelling prick comes up to me in skyrim and tells me i'm a  I kill his whole family and the entire population of that town along with that, also I download the nude mod so I can fap to some huge dead  ,that's how I live my life in skyrim. #DragonBornThugLife I rate this game 69/420]great game and amazing steam work shop must have!!!!!]AWESOME! This game is super addictive!]Best ing game ever! Have it on xbox but had to buy it to pc becaus it's so awesome:) CS:GO Is the best game ever but this is even better somehow:)]Im writing this reveiw to tell everyone to buy this game. This is one of the best games I have ever played. I have played it on xbox for over 500 hours and on pc. If you do not have this game then I would highly recomend buying this game. In this game you can be a warrior, mage, theif, vampire, warewolf and much more. The quest line is an amazing experience if you like action adventure games then you must buy it. After finishing the main missions there are a wide range of things to do and I dought you could get bored playing this game. Modding in this game is easy and makes the game even more fun to play. The only down side to this game is that it is not multiplayer. If they did bring out multiplayer for this game it would be the best game ever made. *Dont listen to the people that do not recommend the game, they know nothing of what they can do in this game. This game can go above the line with mods and is just amazing. The graphics are pretty good. Its can run on almost any pc but to play this game and you have a 75hz, 100hz, 120hz, 144hz monitor then you need to go into your settings and change it to 60hz. This game can only run at 60hz which does not change the graphics. WARNING IF YOU DO PLAY AT 60HZ+ THEN YOUR PROPS IN THE GAME ARE GOING TO GO CRAZY, SUCH AS CARRAGES ARE GOING TO FLY. You have been warned.* Thank you for reading my opinion on Skyrim. Hope you buy it and enjoy the endless fun.]I fought a dragon with my bare hands while listening to Guile's theme song than I ate his soul. 10/10 Chuck Norris would approve.]this is the best open world rp game i've ever played :)]Having already 533 hours now, I thought it was time to write a review. First of all, I'm a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls series. I played every one of them, and loved them all. Some more than others. However, I'll start by saying TES V is not my favorite in terms of story or characters. Almost none of the characters are really interesting, and the story was pretty bald. In RPG the story matters to me the most, but Skyrim had such beautiful locations and great gameplay, that I couldn't possibly dislike it. The graphics in Skyrim are beautiful, even without mods. And the locations are a huge improvement. Morrowind and the other games are pretty outdated, but they had different locations. Most locations in Oblivion were copy-pasted. However, Skyrim takes the best of both worlds. A lot of different, beautiful and interesting locations. Skyrim really encourages exploring because you might find loot or a very nice view. The soundtrack is as in every TES game, amazing. The voice actors did a great job, even though some actors seem to be re-used a lot. The gameplay was also a huge improvement. However, unlike previous games, magic seems pretty useless. The combat is fun, but might get boring after a while. It's not as hard as it was in Morrowind, but it depends if you find this good or not. Even after completing this game, the fun never stops. Skyrim has a very active modding community, with lots of different mods that make this game even nicer, and add tons of extra hours to the gameplay. If you're still not sure if you want this buy this game, you really should. It is really worth the price.]This review was made with 244 hours playtime on Steam, and much more off Steam. I would like to begin by giving a quick overview of the game. In 'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim', you presume the role of the Dragonborn, destined to do all sorts of things, from exploring dungeons, to sleeping in inns, to eating sweet-rolls. What's wrong, someone stole your sweetroll? Never mind! Because this is the fifth game in the series, that is, the five 'main' games in the series: Arena, Daggerfall, Morrowind, Oblivion, and of course Skyrim. Skyrim itself, takes place in the Northern-Tundras of Tamriel; A war-torn land, split by a civil war, and infested with bandits. Right, now that's all finished! This time, I'll try something different with the reviewing system. I'll split everything up. Gameplay 7/10. A good gameplay system, depending on who you are. A massive change from Morrowind, and a partial continuation of the general feel of Oblivion, Skyrim has some new gameplay mechanics. That is, the perk trees of each individual skill, the way those skills work and interact with the game on a mechanical, and general level, and the general 'leveling' of each stat/skill. The reason this hasn't gotten a 10/10, for all the new gameplay mechanics, is mostly due to the fact that Skyrim was, to put it bluntly (But truthfully), 'Dumbed Down'. By which I mean: Made easier, Made simpler, Made more 'Mash this and repeat that'. The 'Late Game' class-archetypes end up being, literally, that . As a mage, stunlocking is all you do. As a 'Rogue', stealth kills with insane damage levels is all you do. As a 'warrior', potions, potions, potions, potions, potions, potions, oh and more potions - Is all you do. This can all be fixed by the community. In fact, it has been fixed by the community, as you'll find out soon enough. Story 5/10. Ah, quite the let-down. To be honest, whether or not you find the storyline of the game interesting, or not, is truly dependant on your preference. Without spoiling anything, the most I can say is: The storyline of Skyrim was a huge downgrade from that of... Say, Morrowind? Oblivion even (Not that I much enjoyed that either.) There are a few plotholes here and there, and, in general, the whole storyline(s) is pretty repetative, and unengaging. It should also be noted that (Again, cured by the Community), there is very little 'choice' within the storyline(s), which could cause them to become boring after a short while. Yes, I understand this isnt just a problem with Skyrim, but I'm reviewing Skyrim. Combat 4/10. As earlier mentioned, the combat mechanics of the game are rather basic, and simplistic. This may not affect you; But, after a while, when you're stuck doing the exact same thing, or mashing the exact same buttons, with weapons and tactics that can beat the highest game difficulties (Master/Legendary) as if they were on the lowest, things do tend to get boring, and tedious. The late-game of this is horrible - But then again, starting the game over a couple of hundred (thousand. Million. Billion. Trillion.) times never hurt anyone! Trust me, I've been there, and I've done that. No. Really. ... Really. But, to be serious. The Combat system in the vanilla game is very repetative, and thus very tedious (and/or boring). But. Some people enjoy that kind of thing, the simplistic side to combat, where you dont have to care about much else other than doing the same thing(s) over and over, to max out your characters. So good for you, my completionist-chums. That is, unless you're a completionist who doesn't like having to do that kind of thing. Graphics Look, I'm a person who plays a game for the game - Not the graphics. Otherwise, for all those pixel-terrorists (Heh. No? Ok, sorry.) out there: There are PLENTY of graphics mods all over, and even Bethesda's own 'High Resolution Texture Pack'. The World 7/10. Skyrim's 'World', rather coincidentally (Not really) named 'Skyrim', is a tundra landscape, with many mountains, and valleys, rivers, and lakes, frozen seas, and the like. A vast land, with ALOT to discover, explore, and contemplate. From beautiful scenes, to rough areas, to scary crypts and tombs - Skyrim has it all. Pretty much (Barring a few exceptions), if you can see it: You can visit it. The Memes 8/10. No. 9/10. No. 10/-- Wait! Decide for yourself: I used to be a normal human like you, till I took a Skyrim to the Knee. The Gods gave you two hands, and you use them both for your [CENSORED!!!]. I can respect that. No lolly-gagging. (Please. Just... WHY!?) Call yourself a Nord!? (No. I'm an Orc. A FRICKEN ORC!) Filthy Milk-Drinker. (Wow, you've just insulted 86.9% of the world's population that actually drink milk. Daily.) The Community 41897489416/10. Skyrim has one of the, if not THE, greatest communities there is. Even now, 4 years after it's launch - There are people working hard, on modding the game, helping those with technical difficulties, and the like. 'Let's Plays' are still going on, and the fact that I'm here, typing this review ALOT later than the game's actual release date, should be proof enough, that Skyrim's Community has lived on, for a long, long time. My last thoughts "To buy, or not to buy? That is the question." - William Scrollspeare Yes, although I would recommend testing out the occassional mod, or even deciding to play your game fully-modded, unless you want to stick with the 'Native' Skyrim game. I bid you adieu,]this game be cool base game only for 3 playthroughs (one for every playing style like ya know mage, warrior, thief) then you have to add variety yourself by restricting what you can and cant do and the use of mods but i got like 100 hours without mods and it was worth it]i like the game. tis gud. i hate dying. tis bad.]The storyline, the sidequests, the mods, the freedom, AH THE FREEDOM, everything is perfect on this game, I love it so much, no words can express that.]Skyrim is a masterpiece. Enough said and no elaboration needed. Stop reading this review and buy the game. In summary, I recommend this game 100% to anyone who doesn't mind staring at a screen for hours, days & weeks! :D]There's a staff that turns people into a Sweet Roll 10/10]Addicting, Addicting and Addicting]The Elder Scrolls is my favourite part of the Skyrim series <3 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=180265299]As always bethesda makes an amazing game with a ton of replay value!]Hi everyone! Please check out my profile for more reviews! This was clearly a massive breakthrough for Bethesda and the begginings for the Elder Scrolls series. This is the RPG that finally took open world fun over the top. Clearly, I am very happy with this game, which is quite rare for me. The first person gameplay again freakin' dragons really make the gameplay intense. The graphics are fantastic. Also, there is a free DLC available for better graphics and textures. It truly sets a great speed for the memory it takes up. Really, that is one of the only things I have to say about this game that I dislike. The memory space for it, especially if you download the DLC's, is kind of nasty. But if you have a computer that's built for gaming (like mine) then I'm sure we can handle a couple seconds of bad RAM. Refering to the earlier comments on the DLC, they have four of them (including the free bit). The majority of the DLC's only affect the gameplay, enemies, and spells that you can use. It's very suprising that this game is twenty bucks. I received it on a sale for five dollars! My brother had been showing me the gameplay on his Xbox (the first Xbox game I played) and got me hooked onto the serious in which I played the second and fourth (and obviously fifth) games of the Elder Scrolls series. I was super excited when I played it for the first time. Note, please, that I was young at the time, and never really had any magnificent experiences on video games. At the time, the only really big systems were the Gamecube, Wii, and DS (Was I a big fan of Nintendo? Yes). So you couldn't imagine my excitement when I purchased it for such a low price. Be thankful that this game is sometimes lower than five bucks, and they have sales for it quite often. The Workshop is quite fun. You have alot of crap you can do and some overpowered deeds you can commit to. Of course, as we all know, when you play a game, the last thing you want to do is die quickly. In this case, at the beggining, you have collected some stuff that you can use to your advantage from the original Elder Scrolls, like the destruction, healing, and other useful things. The spawns amoung the forests and mountains are very well done.]If you like open-world RPGs you gonna like Skyrim. With all those amazing mods produced by the community you just can't get enough of this game.]Best game since Morrowind!]Probably one of the best games I've ever played,]Skyrim just made Elder Scrolls gold. The game is unbelieveably amazing in every aspect especially when Bethesda made it. The Fallout Series (3, New Vegas) were the games that made the type of gameplay that they put off, hands-down my favorite. Combat in my eyes is very stratigized, Not having to rush to kill the enemy BEFORE your companion does, and not having Vats is great. Example: I had to run and jump off of things so that the enemy, which was way stronger than me, would fall back father behind me so that I can heal and gain some more magika. Also on PC, It blows the Skyrim expericence up to the roof, Its beautiful. Skyrim is where Its at if you want a new, open-world game. 110/100]A friend of mine got me into this game a while ago and it's free roaming gameplay, and general ability to craft almost anything reeled me in. Then the ability to mod the game came in and I was hooked even more. With every DLC the game kept growing. Even after being out for years now this game just keeps going. People love it and I know why they do. With all that people contribute to making the game more than it was released as, it has become a people's game made by Bethesda but shaped by the players into whatever vision each of us may have. It has become a huge way for so many to express ideas and share them with countless others. As a modder for this game the happiness my work and the work of so many others brings to people is priceless...and better than any amount of $.]Very good game. While the story may not be as good as in previous Elder Scrolls games, it's still a epic game. The fact that you play as a Dragonborn is a nice change, which brings me to the Shouts. They were a very good addition to the game, and they can be pretty fun, for example Unrelenting Force (A.K.A. the popular FUS RO DAH). Graphics wise, it's not the best there is in terms of textures (theres also shadow striping in some spots), but graphics aren't always the main priority of a game. There are bugs, and stuff that should have been in the game, but the DLC's add extra questlines and content which are really great (my favorite is Dragonborn, but you may have different opinions). Dragonborn and Dawnguard add extra questlines and places, and Hearthfire gives you the ability to build your own home in 3 places. Even so, if you want the game to be PERFECT, then get the mods you want and your experience will be very great. Score: 9/10 (by itself) 9.4/10 (with DLC) 10/10 (with DLC and mods)]Just bought this game on sale for $4.99 gotta say it pays to have steam!]Anyone who likes RPG's should have Skyrim. A lot of people will say Oblivion was better, and in a lot of ways it was, but with the Steam Workshop and the Nexus at your fingertips, Skyrim easily becomes one of the funnest and most immersive RPG's out there. Vanilla Skyrim is fine, but the mods make it what it is. Definitely recommend it.]Such cold, very big, much freedom, amaze.]Skyrim is a must-have! If you're a huge fan of TES series and RPG games like I am, then don't hesitate to buy it.]This is actually good, The graphics are very nice and the HUD is very easy to understand as of the colours for Health, Stamina and Magicka. This game got me so hooked I have planned a youtube series of it and will be excited if/when I get a better computer so I can play this game on ultra and enjoy every damn moment of it. 10/10 owns all DLC]Safe to say this is one of the best games out there if you like adventure and magical storytelling. I loaded this with mods like Climates of Tamriel, Vanilla Nights, Real Rain, HD textures and Purewater. Its stunning on ultra!! Allthough im not a fan of medieval kind of games, Skyrim really sucked me in and i love to explore this game. It only gets better and better :) You should play this!]I would not have recommended this game three years ago. However the mod community, lowered price and *excellent* expansion pack content make Skyrim a must-own, and not for the vanilla experience. I will stand by my opinion that Oblivion was better, especilly in the uniqueness of the quests it offered as opposed to "find x in cave full of draugr", and don't get me started on the BS "but the combat is better in Skyrim" argument since the same bad combat system is just hid behind fancy execution moves. But the expansion pack content is genuinely interesting and through modding I've made my game a hardcore and fast-paced experience that feels not unlike Diablo, (to clarify that's in pure intensity and not literally like a dungeon-crawler). It's disappointing to have to merely say "the mods make this game" but that's the harsh reality in this case. The expansion content however, as I've stated twice already, is high-quality and only emphasises how mediocre the vanilla game is. Edit: Also I would highly recommend playing this game with a controller. The character feels more weighty to me that way, although that could be personal preference - you WILL have trouble playing an archer that way.]One of the best games I've ever played]best thing since fried chicken]Well where do I begin. The Elder Scroll Skyrim is easy the best game I've ever played, Although I'm not the most hardcore reviewer in the world, It's an excellent game, and you should buy it if you don't have it already. You get an excellent RPG experience with an Open world environment and Hours apon Hours of content, and that's without the DLC or any Mods. Mods is what really makes this game shine. The Modding community on both Nexus and Steam Workshop are both excellent, and Bursting with content for you to enjoy. Like I said before, If you haven't already, Buy this game.]i am da dragunborn HUAAARGHAMAHAAA! u should play dis game NAOW!]Freedom is meaningless if its full of boredom. The first few hours were cool, however as the time went by, all became so stale, generic and boring that I had a lot of trouble to find the motivation to continue. The Witcher and Game of Thrones really spoiled me in terms of fantasy. Still, it can be fun sometimes. 3/5]Great game, Amazing Story and alot of intresting side quests. Good gameplay and the engine is easy to understand. And for the final thing, MODS ARE AWESOME!!]This game redefines masterpiece. I keep typing and backspacing because I am at a loss for words, because trying to describe this game makes me think about how amazing this game is, and I can't think of what to say. Yep. It's the game of my dreams. The ultimate roleplay experience. Pretty much everything I could wish for in a game. Never a roleplaying game so very long-lasting. Whether you play as a badass, or a simple person existing in the world... you'll still feel awesome. Replayability value is extreeeeeeeemely high. Never a game so beautiful and IMMERSIVE in every way possible too. I always turn the volume way up. I cried even on the main menu because it was so amazing and the music and the awesome. There is not a more amazing game series than the Elder Scrolls. I have played the first four TES games, and this game just sent my fanboy heart and turned it into a Viking.]Most Epic game of all time ! Use the mods :D]Skyrim is an amazing game where you can be the dragonborn, cast shouts, do magic, and defeat the neverending waves of evil in the land of Skyrim. You can do outstanding things like dying repeatedly, sitting in your desk chair for hours trying to farm your smithing skill, killing innocent people, and if you have mods, killing children, and fapping to naked women! What else could you want from an amazing RPG game where you're the ultimate badass *to an extent*? 10/10 It was ok]I don't know why I'd bother even making a review for Skyrim at this point, since everyone has blown a collective load over it. This game is fantastic, beautiful, endearing, and I can say that any bug or problem that Skyrim has makes it all the more memorable and lovable. Mods are a great way to enhance what's already there, with ones such as Falskaar that can add hours of new, lore-friendly content to an already time-consuming and amazing game. The community is welcoming and rich with art, mods, and jokes. I love this game. Regardless of the paid mods blunder, this game is one of my top five favorite games, without a friggin' doubt. Do I even have to whine at you to buy it? 9/10 would fly into stratosphere by the hand of a giant again]its sik but dont get if you only got 2gb RAM. it will be too slow and crash every second]If you play anything other than a Khajiit, you aren't playing it right, man.]I highly reccommend this game. Altough I can honestly say that I spend twice the time modding the game than I do playing it.]I'd definately recommend this game. This game is a few years old now (2011) but it is still an amazing game to play. With all the great mods out there it is even possible to add more fun to the game or more awe with the many graphic mods that are out there.]* This review is lengthy. If you just want the summary, scroll to the bottom, if you want a breakdown of the items listed, feel free to read all of it. Either way, you'll get an accurate, honest review of the game* IF YOU WANT A SIMPLE REVIEW, SCROLL DOWN TO THE BOTTOM. After owning the game on both PC and Console, and after creating a myriad of characters ranging from the buffest, most brutal warriors to the most timid and sly pickpocketers, I can say that this game is hands down amazing. It's been three years since the release of The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim (11/11/11) and It has captured my attention ever since. Most of my hours were logged on console before I came to my better senses, got a PC, and grabbed the Legendary Edition on sale for 20 bucks. This review will detail the following. - Base Game - Combat - Types of Characters and Races - Variety of Mods - Recommendations and Conclusions About the Game *NOTE* No storyline other than non-spoiler mentions will be made in this review, so don't worry about that. The base game itself is very satisfying. The staggering amount of side quests, individuals, random events, and items gives the game an almost endless replayability. The skill trees are straightforward, and easily read and used. The inventory is VERY simple yet, as many people can understand, the inventory has no search bar, making searching for a quest item a little more challenging in a cluttered inventory. The inventory is sorted alphabetically, so the worst you have to do is scroll down a list of infinite keys, letters from friends, death threats, and other sorts of nonsuch, which isn't really bad. Side quests are very rewarding and fun. You never know if the stranger who is stranded on the side of the road needing help with his wagon is a simple person in need of help or a runaway murderer. The leveling of the skill tree can go on forever, and so can the main level, which used to be 81, but patch 1.9 allowed you to make any skill that is level 100 into a "Legendary" perk, resetting it's skill to 15 and letting you earn an infinite amount of XP from your skill trees. The main level can even go above level 252, so no need to worry about capping out on a level because your skill trees that made your character a thief, archer, warrior, etc were already. In other words, UNLIMITED LEVELING! Combat is VERY rewarding and fun. It can be challenging at times, but thank Talos you have a million and one potions of archery, alchemy, health, stamina, magika, and lockpicking to see you through it. Fighting one on one is simple enough, but one against several is challenging, and can try the patience and skill of even the most battlehardened warriors. Each type of character has a variety of ways of handling multiple opponents, although some vary in efficiency. AOE (Area of Effect) spells work, or a sweeping blow from your battleaxe, or just quick jabs from a knife to each opponent. The choice is yours. From my personal experience *Keep in mind, this is what I like and not what is best statistically* I have found that archery or a sword and shield is preferable to magic or two-handed weapons. Archery lets you pick off target from a distance, giving them a lot of damage. Shields block a lot of damage, and after attacks, you can let out a killing blow of your own. Magic can summon minions of the dead, ice, fire, etc as your own personal posse. Two handed weapons deal massive amounts of damage, which makes up for their bulkiness. Armor usually is a preference of the player, not bound to one fighting style or the other. Also, FUS ROH DAH! As for races, each race is specialized towards a certain type of fighter. For example, you typically wouldn't take a High Elf as a warrior or a Redguard as a magician, but both are available to you if you so desire. The races are listed below: - Nord (Primarily Two - Handed Warriors) - Imperial (Primarily Shield Users) - Breton (Usually Mages) - Argonian (Primarily Thieves/Restoration or Alteration Mages) - Wood Elf (Primarily Thieves/Archers) - High Elf (Primarily Mages) - Dark Elf (Primarily Mages) - Khajiit (Primarily Thieves) - Orc (Primarily Warriors) - Redguard (Primarily Warriors) Classes: Warrior- Very strong, very tough to kill. They are usually slow, but devastating to enemies. Use heavy armor. Mages- Cunning and powerful. They can't take many hits, but can conjure things up to take hits for them, and can have a very diverse selection of spells to use at any time. Use light armor with spell enchants. Thieves- Sly and deadly. Use one handed weapons, which are usually daggers. They prefer to stay hidden and make their money off of stealing items from people's homes, or pockets. Wear light armor that is usually of a material like leather. Archers- Precise and Meticulous. Stay back and engage fights first with well placed shots. Use one handed weapons and light armor for when they can't pick people off fast enough. The moment you've all been waiting for.... MODS! The amount of mods that have been created for Skyrim are astounding. Graphics can be improved, glitches can be fixed, items added, people added, places added, actions added and much more! The Steam Workshop has a great deal of mods that work on their own, and some that just don't work at all. These mods can be managed easily on the launch menu of the game. Some of these mods require other mods that help run them. These helping mods can come from The Workshop, or the SkyrimNexus, which is a HUGE modding community posting mods for skyrim users to enjoy. Hello to everyone who just wants to know about the damn game, and not all this information. Also hello to the people who ACTUALLY read my entire review. In which case, thanks! Anyway, here goes. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is a fantastic game! The diversity of all aspects of this game is unique and hard to find in other titles. Should you get it? YES. Should you get the Legendary edition? HELL YES, but get it on sale because Skyrim goes on sale frequently. Overall great game, must get. Any questions about the diversity of the game, please consult the novel above this paragraph. P.S. ALL HAIL TODD HOWARD AND JEREMY SOULE]i am surprised that it actually took me a while to create a character.]+ vast world + nice story + weapons/crafting + modding + DRAGONS! + much to do One sidenote when you mod the game then the game can be unstable from time to time. But for me is the game a 5/5.]To be honest, I actually pirated this game years ago. I just bought it recently and I'm already 60 hours in. The main plot can be finished within two days, which is a little frustrating. How could a game this big be finished within hours? The main reason this game stands so brightly is its side missions. There are literally hundreds of them. There are so many I can't stop finding them. And they're not cheap fast side quests. It take at least two hours just to complete one of them. It's awesome to find so many quests, but it can be annoying when they're popping up everywhere. There are times when you vist a city to finish a quest, then be introducted to another quest. Your quest window will start building, holding them all. I kind of wish they would hold back and have certain quests be available when you've progressed in-game a certain amount. I also wish NPCs would be more alive. After stealing something, the owners will somehow know you've stolen it and set a bounty, and merchants will not buy stolen items because they somehow know it's stolen. Merchants do not lower prices if you come to their shops as a regular customer. Adopted children will not stop bothering you. Guards do not persue you when they obviously know you're a member of a bad guild. I just wish the people would actually be living people. Perhaps the next Elder Scrolls? And there are useless skills. Skills like smithing and (for people like me) the entire magicka section are never used. Maybe I'll use a healing spell once or twice, but that's it. I can easily just use up my potions I collect (which are everywhere) instead of taking the time and wait for the restoration spell to work. Maybe I'll start exploring alchemy once I exhaust the remaining slots on my main skills, but until then, they're just an eye sore and a waste of time swifting by them. And last complaint is that the world map does not correctly show how far things are. Once you set a destination that seems to be a very far distant, it actually takes only a minute to run there. Overall: 8/10 There are some annoying things such as useless skills, robot npcs, and silent arrows that alert nearby enemies, but the quests really do balance my judgement scale. You can tell the devs took their time to think about the game. There are even books in this game. Books that you can sit and read. If you're one of those people that only focus on the main story, you're only going to have a very limited amount of fun. But if you do like to explore, then bottoms up the Nord Mead, my favorite drinking buddy! :)]When i bought The Elder Scrolls Skyrim Legendary on my 360 console and switched from console gaming to PC and i just had to play Skyrim again. The game never gets boring and once you try the game with mods it's even more better than the vanilla game. I thank the mod community for all the great mods. Skyrim is such a great game that you'll never find yourself bored and there is always something to do. Skyrim is basically a 10/10]This game is so good!!! There is so much stuff you can do in this game!! It has good combat, good quests, good story, good inventory and alot of levels and skill trees to go into!! Its a little glicthy sometimes and the graphics aren't the best, but mods can fix that quite easily. I give it 8.5/10]11/10 its like skyrim but without skyrim]Fought my way through an epic cave, battling an endless barrage of ruthless thieves, giant spiders, and reanimated skeleton soldiers. Got killed by a swinging door.]%20 of the time: Play the game %80 of the time: Look for new mods]OMG kicking dragon butt's , crafting , getting home and etc. COOLEST GAME EVAH]Ive always loved role playing games and this is the best one by far end less mods to improve the games graphics]Play this game. I mean it. It's massive compendium of lore in this game (let alone that of the other Elder Scrolls games) is large enough to keep you intrigued with the over-arcing story, alongside the side quests. And don't even get me started on how huge the modding potential for this game is (with which I would recommend a vanilla run completely first, then a modded run) and the massive and helpful modding community that comes with it. tldr: 10/10 will play again...and again...etc]Great game without mods, Amazing game with mods. The mods are back to free so all is good!]Never forget the paid mods. Never allow it to happen again. It's a 10/10 game. Full review coming soon.]This is one of the best games I have ever played... And the mods you can get for it... It's worth the money.]We have cleared Skyrim from paid mods infection! Now it can rest and recover it's power (positive reviews) back up to 100% and more. Our awesome community showed that we can't be handled like EA handles it's customers. This day will be remembered for centuries, bards will be composing songs about this heroic feat. Let's drink a mug of mead in honor of Valve And Bethesda! For the eight! For free modding!]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is by far one of my most treasured and favourite games released out there! Its vast/open world gives you an over-abundance of freedom to do what you please! Skyrim provides a great element of choice as you have the freedom to be who YOU want to be, and some of your choices may influence alternate paths to a story once foretold. You can choose to be the hero, or the villain. You have been bestoed a gift from the gods, in the dragons tounge "Dovakhiin" you have the power of your voice, and by destiny the 'Dragonborn' is the only mortal who can slay and rid the world from the awakining of the dragons. As Quoted - "The Empire of Tamriel is on the edge. The High King of Skyrim has been murdered. Alliances form as claims to the throne are made. In the midst of this conflict, a far more dangerous, ancient evil is awakened. Dragons, long lost to the passages of the Elder Scrolls, have returned to Tamriel. The future of Skyrim, even the Empire itself, hangs in the balance as they wait for the prophesized Dragonborn to come; a hero born with the power of The Voice, and the only one who can stand amongst the dragons" - Written by Bethesda Game Studios On-top of all this awesome game-play, the game offers even more paths with the DragonBorn, HearthFire and DawnGuard special quests. However, to further the games content, the Skyrim Workshop offers thousands different unique quests, alterations and UI script extenders and not to forget, a lot of credit goes to the NPC's and Extensive textures - Graphics overhauls (ENB's). Much Immersive, much wow. Personal Meta Score - 95/100]Paid mods have been removed, hail TES.]Skyrim... Need I say more? Well yes, kinda. It is the best RPG made in my opinion and set the standards for all other RPGs. Should you buy this game? Yes. Should you buy the DLCs? Not for $19.99. Wait until they're on sale and then buy them. In the meantime download Falskaar/Wyrmstooth if you get bored.]+ vast world + nice story + weapons/crafting + modding + DRAGONS! + much to do One sidenote when you mod the game then the game can be unstable from time to time. But for me is the game a 5/5.]Amazing game,a must buy for all steam users.]Safe to say this is one of the best games out there if you like adventure and magical storytelling. I loaded this with mods like Climates of Tamriel, Vanilla Nights, Real Rain, HD textures and Purewater. Its stunning on ultra!! Allthough im not a fan of medieval kind of games, Skyrim really sucked me in and i love to explore this game. It only gets better and better :) You should play this!]I would not have recommended this game three years ago. However the mod community, lowered price and *excellent* expansion pack content make Skyrim a must-own, and not for the vanilla experience. I will stand by my opinion that Oblivion was better, especilly in the uniqueness of the quests it offered as opposed to "find x in cave full of draugr", and don't get me started on the BS "but the combat is better in Skyrim" argument since the same bad combat system is just hid behind fancy execution moves. But the expansion pack content is genuinely interesting and through modding I've made my game a hardcore and fast-paced experience that feels not unlike Diablo, (to clarify that's in pure intensity and not literally like a dungeon-crawler). It's disappointing to have to merely say "the mods make this game" but that's the harsh reality in this case. The expansion content however, as I've stated twice already, is high-quality and only emphasises how mediocre the vanilla game is. Edit: Also I would highly recommend playing this game with a controller. The character feels more weighty to me that way, although that could be personal preference - you WILL have trouble playing an archer that way.]One of the best games I've ever played]So many mods my PC crashed. 420/10 would crash again.]I am in love with this game. Its intense and beautiful.]I've always been a fan of the Elder Scroll series and have to say Skyrim holds its end fairly well. With the nearly never ending quests and many hours of gameplay just in the "plain" game. Skyrim is possibly the greatest rpg of the 21st century. The countless mods from the community riches the game even more with new armors, characters, quests, and so on. I was not a fan of the paid mods but with valve getting rid of them this game is back on track to being the best modded game on steam. From playing Morrowind back in the early 2000's on pc and oblivion in 2008 on the Xbox 360. i only hope for the best for the rich story of Tamriel and the Elder Scrolls series to live on for years to come.]Beautiful game, incredibly playable. Something for everyone in Skyrim :)]My somewhat short skyrim review. Right, After the the paid mods ''scandal'', Skyrim is back as it was before. Now trust me when i say that i have been playing and modding the  out of skyrim. Hell, i have even been needed to re-instal the game 3 times now because of game file corruption, only becasue of the awsome moddding community! ''Oh valve and bethesda are stuiped now that they added paid mods, report!!!1'' Stop it. Valve and Bethesda game studios were just trying something out. They saw that that the community had potential to earn money for their creations. However we all know what happend, and Valve & Bethesda apologized. End of discussion. Not talking about the community, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim is an Awsome RPG game with 3 awsomes DLC's and with a ton of user created content. Now skyrim is not perfect, no game is. However if i were to rate it, I would give- Non- Modded skyrim: 7/10- An awsome game. Modded skyrim: 9/10- Almost a must buy. (And as AngryJoe says, it comes with a badass seal of approval! ) Thanks for Reading this review, Good Luck and have fun! Ps. Sorry if the english in the review is bad, english is not my first language^^]Was walking to a dungeon Saw a tree stump ants were on said tree stump 10/10 would stare at ants for 20 hours again]You can get a graveyard mod and bury everyone you dont like.]This is an AMAZING game!]Well, to be quite frank i only have one sentence to describe this game. 10/10 would bang.]I killed a chicken and got stabbed to death by an angry villager. 11/10 GOTY]Killing a chicken will cause everyone to try and kill you. Do not hurt chickens, but if you must, do it stealthily.]This is the best game I've ever played. If you don't know about a game to buy, this is the perfect choice and the right destination of your money. And, thanks to the mods, you can play it forever. You don't even have to worry about the story (If you only center your attention in it, your game will be a little short, I guess) . The beauty of this game is to explore the amazing lands of Skyrim and the beautiful lore that has to offer. The freedom that this game gives you, it's impossible to compare with any other. It's just unique. I love it. PS: If you value your social life, just don't buy it. This game is a real life-drainer.]I love this game. I wish it was a bit more like Morrowind but it is still the best game Ive played.]When you're bored, Skyrim is there for you. Always.]its a good RPG game,the dlc are good,like the steam workshop mods, i would give this 10/10]TESV: The Elder Scrolls is a great, amazing game with incredible depth. I fully recommend it. 10/10]A Great game made greater by its FREE mods!]I bought this game a week before finals and I have lost all control of my life.]Thank you Valve for retracting Paid Mods]Mods aren't paid for anymore. 10/10 would recommend.]Crash, Crashes, Crash Bandicoot, Crashes more times than Lewis Hamilton... but I love the game.]Like Skyrim with guns without guns. 11/10]Do you want to play a game where you have the freedom to explore any place without level restriction, to build a character however you want, or to progress a quest whenever you like. Then Skyrim is for you. The open world of Skyrim is massive. The content that the game offers can easily be worth hundred hours, even more if you get into the modding scene. Things like building your own home, starting a family, or reviving a fallen guild can make the world feel immersive. The game does have some issues. The combat can get dull after awhile. If you play mage, I suggest getting some spell mods. The main questlines can be repetitive. I've done one and kind of guess how the others turn out. Being a Bethesda game, Skyrim has a lot of bugs and glitches. However, there are unofficial patches that you can download to fix them. Despite some issues, Skyrim is still a good game. It's worth buying at full price for the amount of content that it offers.]Best game For Modding started modding when it was free for a day then bought it its an amzing game yoou can play for hours and the moddings great highly recommend if you do not have this game you are dead in side ITS THE BEST GAME EVER]Oh, Skyrim. Skyrim. How can i go 1 day without playing please tell me. this game is the best game I have seen so far. Epic dragons, loot, quests and much more. This game is literally perfect. The game is easy to run, although it looks amazing while you're playing. The mods are incredible aswell. The DLCs are amazing. I love how you can actually choose what you want to do but still have like a back story to what you're doing. Vampires and Werewolves, Dragons and Spiders. This is absolutely my dream game. You can even choose which stats you want to upgrade and so choose your path: Warrior, Archer or Mage. This game is amazing in any way you can almost think of. I totally recommend buying this game, Worth every dollar and i would even pay more to get it.]No more paid mods thankfully Anyway, this game is fantastic, I have put hundreds of hours into this game on the console version and when I finally got a good enough PC to run this it was one of the first games I bought. Modded it to hell and eventually broke it and had to do it all over again. Thank god I didn't have to pay for those mods.]This game is amazing. I love the story alot.]Cheese wheels crashed my game 10/10]Its ok]10/10 Used to play on the Xbox all the time until I learned of the PC Master Race. Can't wait to mod the hell out of this!]Negative reviews based on the paid mods fiasco do nothing but make the game look worse now that it's over. Well done for not taking them down everybody, I'm going to have to try and make up for it. Add a donate button. That is all. This is one of the best games of the last generation. I have over 600 hours on the on-release xbox copy I own and now that I have it for the PC the lifespan is infinite; mods are Skyrim's true potential realised. I once ran over 200 mods at once on this, now I have about 90. You have not experienced Skyrim without making it a frankenstein's perpetually crashing-to-desktop monster of modded clusters with trains raining from the sky, Macho Man Randy Savage dragons and Shia Surprise sneak attacks.]If Skyrim was a sandwich, Modded skyrim would have the lettuce and the mayo and all the other condiments, Unmodded is a sandwich with nothing but meat chees and bread.]Yes! the paid mods are no more we have freed skyrim from evil corparation take over. The community should make a special day for the retaliation of the paid mods of skyrim being removed. Still the best game ever]Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim brilliantly realized the motto of the series: " Be anyone, do anything ." Skyrim - is a huge world in which thousands of sessions and tracks, among which there is no excess , boring or unnecessary .]It's like Skyrim with Skyrim 11/10 -IGN]Mods are free and great! Back to fighting My Little Pony Dragons with 2-handed marital aids.]It's amazing game! Storyline is great, graphics are awesome and gameplay is good! I recommend it! 9/10]I don't have many hours on this game and I am already in love with it. The game itself is so incredible it is worthy of a single tear. When you dive into the wonderful world of mods it becomes worthy of 10 single tears. This game is so amazing I am literally struggling to type this review. Basically it is the best game of its kind. This is one of the only games that I know where the graphics are fantastic and the actual gameplay is overwhelming with an entire spectrum of quests and missions to do. This game is an absolute must have!]very nice game. start on lower diffuculty though unless you like being sent to a loading screen every 15 min.]3rd day 40 hours 100+on ps3  my life! dragon/10]Amazing game,a must buy for all steam users.]Killed chicken in first village. Got arrested for assault. 10/10 would commit murder again.]This is a action/adventure game , an RPG, AND SO MUCH MORRRE It's set in a high fantasy world filled with quests, magic, lore, and much more There's so much to do in this game even without MODS and the MODS add lots more depth, quests, armor, story, boob, and you name it, into the game This game will give you an easy 1000 or more Hours of FUN ( even more with mods ) I recommend this game]Skyrim is a brilliantly crafted RPG, I've logged at leats 5000 hours over various saves and platforms and have completed nearly every quest (if not every quest.) The aception of course being the quests that don't stop renewing themselves and I can honestly say that Skyrim is my favourite out of TES 3,4 & 5. On the consoles it did become boring after completeing the quests and being left with the automatic renewing quests but thats why I now play on PC, because you can add mods that can include anything from a differently coloured item all the way to imersive new lands via envyronment and character texture overhaulls. The only disapointing thing for me (Stock/Non Modded Game) was the visual effects, I expected more after TES 4 - Oblivion with its almost overly bright and contrasted scenery. However, in my opinion if you were to take the Oblivion and Skyrim visuals and merge them it would create near perfect rendering but only time will tell so Bring on TES 6. Thanks for THOUSANDS of hours enjoyment in Tamriel.]Mod are now free again, you can now appreciate skyrim even more. It's a little part of history in a war against DLC and this game his a victory. sing the dragonborn song~]One of the funnest games ive ever played, after a while it can get old, but the modding system is great, when you play skyrim, you play it like an adict for a week, then you break for a month, but it always come itching back to you]overly addiction for in retrospect, a pretty stupid game, i would recommend this game, but at least half of the gametime is pointless grinding, and the rest is modding. i went over to a giants camp, and i requested to be an astronought, i applied and before i could read terms & conditions i was in space, good veiw. 11/10 would not read terms again]One of the best games I own on PC. Hands down my favourite open world RPG, this was also my first RPG when I built my first PC. Storyline - The storyline keeps you interested and does get better, I never got bored of this game once and I'm sure you won't either. Side Quests - Decent side quests to keep you entertained if you want to stray from the main story. Sound - No problems at all but the characters dialogue can SOMETIMES overlap any important dialogue, not a big problem, there are mods to relieve this issue but I've never looked into it. I always keep my subtitles on. Graphics - I can run this game no problem (see specs on my page). I could also run this easily with my previous GTX 670 setup. I suggest pouring in some ENBs if your system has the horsepower, it'll look amazing. Gameplay - I love the levelling up system along with the crafting. I go hunting for materials all the time to craft weapons and armour with. Good combat and fast switching between weapons/spells although I use a controller; I cannot give my review with a keyboard because I don't use it. Steal, buy or hunt for items, sell them for dough or marry a character and get their dough lmao. Modding - Best part of the game is the modding and its community! There are thousands upon thousands of mods to choose from. Add new weapons, materials, armour, jiggle physics, 4k textures, skin textures, hair mods, voice mods, more races, have your very own pet dragon, more monsters, building mods, loverslab *cough* etc. If you're not modding in this game, you're doing it wrong. It's very easy to mod, simply go to the nexus modding site, download the nexus mod manager and a few other things like Skyrim Script Extender. You'll know what I'm talking about if you decide to go on the modding route. Cons - I haven't played the previous Elder Scrolls games so comparisons are moot. I wish there was more world to explore but that's where mods can save the day. That's all I can think of for now but if it can get a former RPG hater like me to love RPGs and PC gaming in general then maybe it's worth your dough.]Step 1:Play It. Step 2:Get Bored. Step 3:Mod It. Step 4:Repeat Previous Steps Pretty much nothing more to say here.]My hands-down favorite game of all time. A must play for everyone. 12/10]In my opinion, one of the best survival games there is.]Only one thing I can say about this game........ MOD IT TILL IT BREAKS]Sir Frankenberry, Esquire visits the city of Solitude for the first time. It's a business trip, but there's much to see in this relative metropolis. The matter of business is attending a wedding reception, but that will go on all night. Let her live a bit longer. Sir Frankenberry, Esquire has time to be distracted. He comes across a clothing store, something else the warrior has never encountered. Non-protective outer chest coverings? How unusual. How... impractical. The shop's owner, Taarie, is as intrigued by the sight of an orcish customer as Sir Frankenberry, Esquire is by the mere existence of the shop. The owner's curiosity bubbles over. She energetically requests that Sir Frankenberry, Esquire model one of her signature garments for Solitude's mayor. The unspoken but understood reason being that if her clothes can make this monster look appealing... Sir Frankenberry, Esquire sees several steps beyond this thinly veiled insult and into the payoff. He would be honored. Taarie passes a formal hip-length tunic to Sir Frankenberry, Esquire and wishes him a good evening. Once out of sight of the shop, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire forces the shirt on over the top of his full plate armor. It stretches, but in credit to its craftsmanship, does not burst. Refusing to smile, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire heads off towards the reception. Solitude's mayor has already arrived, of course. She has predictably positioned herself adjacent to the bride, where the evening's attention will be perpetually centered. A fully armed and armored 7 foot high orc approaches. His face is hidden by an enclosed helmet. The warhammer strapped to his back runs nearly the full length of his massive frame. A strained and battered wrap of cotton fabric clings about his chest. The mayor maintains composure. "DO YOU LIKE MY SHIRT?" "I'm sorry. Hello... your shirt?" "YES. DO YOU LIKE IT?" "Oh. My. It's positively astounding. I do." "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME. SHE OWNS A CLOTHING STORE IN TOWN." "Taarie did? That's... great. I should visit her later on..." "SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT." The mayor was on the brink of betraying an emotion of discomfort. But before an eyebrow could be raised, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire's warhammer was lifted overhead, then brought down through the body of the nearby bride. The weapon's weight was more than that of the target. The swiftness of the action combined with the unrecognizable result meant that several seconds passed before anyone knew exactly what had occurred. Anyone except the orc, of course, who was already sprinting towards the city gates. "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME! SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT!" Sir Frankenberry, Esquire permitted himself a smile.]Edit: Bethesda decided to remove payed mods so I'd actually recommend it now. Keeping the old review down there however just so you know their shady past. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This game was great until Valve and Bethesda decided to introduce paid mods. The whole reason Skyrim is so popular on PC is because of the easy access to mods and them being free which is what made the game so great. Unfortunately Bethesda has decided to remove the free and accessible features of modding and replace it with paid mods just so they can make a couple pennies. What's even more disgusting is that they think they can take A WHOLE 75% OF ALL SALES AS THERE OWN! That's right! Modders only get 25% of the profit that is made from their work! Overall, this game is fine if you want to play Vanilla but if you want to mod your game and delve into the world of Skyrim modding you're unfortunately a bit late. I won't be buying products from Bethesda until they decide to fix all of this and I hope you do the same!]This game is truly remarkable. There is so much to do and see and fight and eat and ride and learn and wear and read and discover. There is so much to do for everyone.]A phenomenal game. So deep and rich, meaning an immersive and long-lived experience. A game I will keep coming back to.]This game is better than North Korea.]There are very few bad things to say about this game, I can't even think of any right now. One of the best games I have ever played. Don't be fooled by my hours in the game, I have just recently bought the game ;) Absolute recommendation for everyone. Even if it's not on sale, worth every penny.]Even if you don't play RPGs, this game will be worth it to at least try out. It has a lot of content, is very addicting and will also be worth the price. You don't even need to play the quests, only exploring the world is still something you can have fun with. The main quest can easily be completed in about 20 hours, but I have over 100, because there are numerous other side and miscellaneous ones. And if all the dragon slaying, shouting, pickpocketing, sneaking, time travelling, bandit killing, gold hoarding and number of deer you can shoot in the butt wasn't enough, you can still install mods. Hundreds. Of course, you should be aware that this may cause unwanted crashing, so make sure you can handle them all. From graphic mods to DLC sized quests, there's sure something you will pick. My only problem with the game is the ing mountains. 9/10]One of the best singleplayer open world RPGs I ve ever played.]To be honest if you're reading Skyrim reviews it's not because you're on the fence about actually buying the game so I don't feel the need to write some form of lengthy review of the most well known RPG of the past decade. **EDIT: Apparently Valve removed monetization of mods...for now. I am keeping my editorial rant up but changing my recommendation because, frankly, Skyrim really is just a damn fine game. The language of the PR release, however, suggests that they are going to come out something else, so becoming complacent in victory would be an extremely bad idea. For a sense of context I want to point out I am all for mod makers being compensated for their work through donations. I have no problem donating money to mod makers if they provide me with a worthwhile addition to my game and give this addition free of upfront charge. I understand the amount of work some of these people put into their mods and I wholeheartedly think they deserve SOMETHING for their passion and work. Turning mods into DLC is, however, insulting to not only me as a gamer, but the mod maker as they become an exploited worker. This doesn't have to be the case. They can all make money and make people happy at the same time if they weren't so f*cking greedy to start with. If Steam RADICALLY changes the system to be ONLY DONATIONS; ONLY DONATIONS taking less then 20% for themselves and Bethesda, then all involved would make far more money total and come out of this looking flawless from a PR point of view. As an example I have bought premium currency or what have you from GOOD free to play games I have enjoyed. As you can see in my profile, I have played a LOT of Warframe and have donated a LOT of money to the company (by now it's probably a few hundred of dollars over the years which, yes, is a lot of money to most people) because they are offering me an ever improving game completely free and I think they deserve something. If Warframe had demanded a subscription or money up front, they would of made nothing off me as I never would of played it to begin with. There are a lot of gamers like me; Gamers that have funded plenty of free to play games like Dwarf Fortress, have given money to the humble bundles FAR exceeding the "minimal" amount and funded plenty of games on Kickstarter due to nothing more then altruism and a belief in a fellow gamer's passion to improve the industry. A modding paywall, however, feels as though Valve, Bethesda and even a few modders themselves are  on the very notion of what makes PC gaming great. It is insulting to me as a gamer. It is insulting to us all as a culture and it is something that should not be tolerated. With the way the system exists now (Or rather how it existed before the rollback), I will not be buying games through Steam unless I have no choice and I will NEVER pay for a mod. Ever. I am more then happy to send a donation to a few modders who do exceptional work (Interesting NPCs comes to mind) but any modder who hides their content behind a paywall will lose my respect and any chance of EVER getting money off me. I'd also like to point out that monetizing and releasing total conversions which create an entirely new game using an existing engine such as Gary's Mod and DayZ are NOT the same thing as paying for Skyrim mods. I can't fathom why certain people involved in THIS side of modding the need to voice their opinion when they clearly have no idea what they're talking about.]It was pretty good ngl]This is the really legendary game, you must play it!]This is by all accounts, an AMAZING game. Even though it's story does not match up to what it's predecessor, Oblivion had, it is still very good. The limit on what you can do in the game is virtually non-existent! Also, there are hundreds of side quests you can do, some of them you can repeat. The 3 DLC's that have been released for the game, Hearthfire, Dawnguard and Dragonborn also add a lot more. In Hearthfire, you can build your own home from scratch, in Dawnguard, you choose a side, and it has a lot of cool stuff. In Dragonborn, it adds a whole new world! Even if you don't want to do something in the game, you are not forced to (unless you count the opening quest)! This game is worth the price.]If you like a long main quest of killing, magic voices, dragons, slashing, killing, and even MORE KILLING!? GET THIS GAME!! If you want this, get it during a sale... it's really expensive. But... GET. THIS. GAME.]Like Fallout w/ guns without guns.]this games like midevil gta.......but you cant lose to cops(gurads) you have to kill and slauter every one]Skyrim is a good RPG, but not a great one. I have been an avid fan of the Elder Scrolls series since Morrowind back when I was a wee lad playing that lovely dirt-colored game on my brother's original Xbox back in 2003-2005. Anyways, I was expecting this game to be a more refined version of Oblivion, which has a special place in this Cuban's heart, but Skyrim was different. It felt targeted for a broader audience, not one the typical Bethsesda RPG fan like me and many others. Forgive the word, but Skyrim is the epitome of a casual RPG. If my brother, the same brother who bought Morrowind for me and my other brother back in 2003 but hated it, can sink hours into this game like it was Call of Duty, then it definitely is a casual RPG. Does that make it bad? God no! Skyrim is an extremely pretty game that I would love to indulge myself in if I had more time to. I just feel like if anyone can pick, swing a sword, and kill  in an RPG, it is casual. Try doing that in Oblivion against some tougher creatures and your  will become mudcrab food along the shores of that bloom covered and colorful land.]There are games like Dragon age which do a great job of making you feel as if you are in the world but they fall short of totally getting you in the world. But skyrim is something else , you can cook , hunt , explore or just kill bandits all day. You have the totall freedom to do what ever you want really. If you want to be a sneaky assassin who can summon daedric gods to fight along side you thats all cool with skyrim. Its this total freedom that sucks me in comeplety and why it is one of the best games to come out. And this is coming from a person who was not a fan of Oblivion. If you are looking for game that take hours of your life away than this is the game for you my friend. There are of cousre some bad things about the game but they are far overlooked by the fantasticly great things about. I give this game a 9.5/10 on PC. ( and on Xbox an 8/10) HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!]Skyrim was the first Elder Scrolls game that I bought, and I must say that it did not disappoint. The amount of depth to the quests and the world in general is unreal. Even after playing through the storyline once or twenty times, it feels like a new experience when you start a new game. I highly recommend it to just about everyone. My only complaint is that the dungeons sometimes start to feel repititive, but it still makes up for it by adding unique storylines to each. In summary, this game gets a 11/10.]Almost as good as Oblivion. Can be hard later on, but there are tons of things to do and discover ;) if it's on a sale get it ASAP.]One of the most immersive games i have evrt played, if you want to have fun with mods without any problems get this game becasue they are easily compatable with workshop,]Of all free world games Skyrim may be one of my favorites. It has outstanding graphics even on low quality i could make every detail out. It also has an extremely big map for exploring and tons of creatures to fight. One of my favorite things about it is the super bad  ninja stealth and stealth kills. I could go on all day about reasons you should buy The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, but im not going to hold the truth every game has downsides to it. Skyrim has A LOT (over a thousand) of bugs and sometimes they can keep you from completing main quests and you rage meter may even fill up and heavy attack you computer, But there are ways to fix the bugs there are plenty of solutions online to help. So if your trying to have some fun slaying Dragons and Giants an getting chased by Thugs because someone put a hit on The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is your game!]This game is awesome, but you will need to mod the hell out of it!]Things I like about Skyrim: Keep in mind that these are my opinions, your opinions might differ, no torm, pls * Gameplay * The voice acting * The nature and enviroment * Level system and perks * The huge modding community and the huge list of mods * How you can play basically any role, archer, berzerker, all different types of magic roles. * Every character you create can do and learn everything in the game * Many awesome quests * Vampirism and Werewolfism * All guilds and holds * How you can marry people of any gender * Followers * The great ammount of character customization tools and options * All different shouts Things I don't like about Skyrim: * All  glitches (For example the buckets..) * Only you can kill your follower (Which is really easy to do if you miss-click.) * You can only marry once * The hairstyles are horrible * No first-person while riding horses * I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow in the knee.. * The combat system 9/10]This game is nothing but incredible and everyone already knows it. It's just a shame that the official DLC was very, very lazy. Thank god the mods make up for it!]BEST GAME EVER! I Spent So Much Time On It And IF You Like Skyrim Try Fallout New Vegas]Ever wanted to be a mage? Warrior? thief? Or just a mix of them all? Well, with Skyrim you can, Skyrim is a typical Bethesda game, where you get to create your own character using the games many customization features, you'll then be able to play the game however you want in an almost limit less world filled with skeletons, zombies, wizards and other kinds of monsters. Once you've completed the main game you'll be able to add more quests, followers, houses, overhauls, pets, textures, weapons, armor and so much more via some of the many mods that the community creates. Skyrim is an amazing singleplayer RPG, with endless possiblitys because of the amout of mods created by the awesome community.]It's like Skyrim, but with more Skyrim! Dragon/10 would shout agian]Too little travelling in the game and did not find any rims in the sky. 3.5/10 disappointing.]This is quite possibly my favourite game ever made.]Still the best game :) Fus Ro Dah/10]This game NEVER ENDS. In most games, that wouldn't be a very complimentary feature, but in this game the gameplay is phenomenal, the graphics are great, the level system is smooth, and you can do almost whatever you want. It has hours upon hours of playability, with the main story line, the DLC story lines, the playermade DLCs on the workshop, and then on top of that, every playthrough can be different because of the vast collection of player made mods. Plus it was only $7.50 during the Christmas sale. I would recommend this game to anyone.]Loved this game back when it first came out played it on a xbox. The game never gets boring for me as you can play with an infinite number of types of class with the make your own class in effect system and you can install mods to make the new experience even better 10/10.]Best Game Ever!!!!! The graphics are not the best but you can tweak it later on with add ons. I adore the story line it is very interesting!!!! I enjoy every second playing this game!!]Huge sandbox game, with awesome storyline and lots of side quests and small puzzles to do. Epic adventure awaits you in this game.]Saw an offensive pornography modification on the Skyrim Nexus and I had to analyse it on its level of sexiness. I was required to enter the angle of penetration and divide it by the cosine of x. I then weighed the apparatus used appropriately, so that the shlongs used were more than apt for deep penetration. I then 3D printed a model of this modification, and use it to compensate for my extreme height and lack of pornography (which I reject to watch - pigfilth the lot of it). To conclude, do not buy this game. It is a pornographic game with a sick twisted community that will only purchase it for the bouncing breasts and buttocks. Highly recommend. -Henry Mellor 2015]Amazing game worth the price and It gets even better withe the dlcs but the main quest is too short but it doesnt matter because u get hours of gameplay with side quests]Undeniably excellent with mods. Without mods, however, it's a 75.]The best RPG you could ever have. Hands down.]awesome game!! spent ~700 hours on it on the playstation. and never getting tired of it :D]The best game I've ever played]Can't say anything about this game that hasn't already been said. Simply a classic, I loved it on console, but with the modding community I love it on PC more. Great game.]Quite a good, lengthy game. Mods can give it that little extra, making it one of the greatest games to date.]8/8 gr8 m8 Bandits Captured my wife... i let them keep her she was a hoe anyway all she wanted was my money]I added 50 mods and it broke. 2/10]Great game, Great Fun, Make sure you have this in your library! One of the greatest I have played for this type of Game! EDIT: Now that I have played it more, the DLC adds more fun! Great game overall, cannot wait for Elder Scrolls Online and Elder Scrolls VI. This game delivers lore, fun, and just plain amazingness at the expanse of the world and main quest line. With about 80+ hours on the main quest, I find this amazing. Make sure you get the DLC or you are missing out! Buy it! It is worth every penny!]One of the greatest games in the history of mankind. NASA landing a rover on Mars, some 200+ million kilometers away, is an accomplishment that pales in comparison to this game. It is art. It is beyond art. It transcends the human imagination. "It belongs in a museum!" They should have put a copy of Skyrim on Voyager instead of that fruity gold disc Sagan designed. PLAY THIS GAME.]If you stab someone the very first thing they say is "Is someone there?"]This game is an absolute must have. The story is very engaging, and even though I've put over 200 hours in I'm only using the third best armor tier, so there's still lots to do. I tell you, if there's an engaging game, this is it.]G.O.T.Y. 2011 (Game of the Year)]Got lost in the Reach and got cut down by a bunch of angry forsworn 10/10 will kill those magic using s next time]Bought it for $20 when it went on sale the next day for $5 and i dont even care because it was worth it]Played a cat, developed a fursona. 10/10 do NOT buy.]MOD SIMULATOR 2015 Don't get me wrong its a good game even if its not modded (Yes I played it in vanilla and finished in 30hrs) but one thing that will keep you playing this game is the variety of mods in Nexus and in the Steam workshop that can range from boobies to weapons that can keep this game so entertaining.and I'm telling you this game is so addicting (Played nearly 300 hours offline)]With mods this game is just perfect! 10/10 with mods 7/10 without]i think ball sac]Not sure why I'm taking the time to do a review of this game. We all now it's sooper kick-. Should be called "Mod it till it crashes"]I used to be an adventurer like yourself Then they started charging for mods say NO to paid mods]One of the best games out there, well worth the price. 10/10]It's all fun and games, until you slaughter the entire village of Riverwood to have nothing more than two kids running around screaming at you.]If you dont have Skyrim yet,.........why? LoL, it is quite easily one of the best games in a long time! I've almost got 500 hours into it since it came out!]GG, 10/10 would buy]Started up the game, the cart that I was being held up in started to fly around the map. 11/10 would fly again.]I wasn't going to buy this game at first because I only meet the minimum requirements, but then on the Summer Sale it went down to 3.74 Euros so I figured that I could buy it and play it when I buy my new PC. Nevertheless the game plays quite smoothly on my PC (lowest graphics of course), but I don't mind at all. The gameplay and combat is fantastic and the sheer immersion of the game makes it awesome! I can't speak for the graphics of course, but I would definetly recommend it to everyone and not only RPG fans.]So good I intend on making 10000 hours. GG MANG]Skyrim. 10/10 - IGN More Survival elements than DayZ.]EPIC FANTASY REBORN The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. LIVE ANOTHER LIFE, IN ANOTHER WORLD Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want; the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. ALL NEW GRAPHICS AND GAMEPLAY ENGINE Skyrims new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. YOU ARE WHAT YOU PLAY Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. DRAGON RETURN Battle ancient dragons like youve never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.]really fun game]You can launch goats off a mountain, even though the elders tell you to use your powers wisely. 11/10]BEST GAME EVER YOU HAVE TO BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!]There is no reason for you to not own this game.]I don't even know why I'm doing this. This game doesn't even need a review. IT'S FREAKING SKYRIM. You know, the one with FUS RO DAH and stuff? Yeah, that one. If that's not enough, then I must remember you the Mods. THOUSANDS OF THEM. Skyrim's community is pretty big you know. Stop reading reviews and play this.]An epic game made all the more epic by the fact that it is so easy to mod!! :3]Best Game Ever ! Completing all the Quests and Achievement gives you many, many hours of gameplay. And if that isn't enough, there's this thing for you: MODS! Seriously, Skyrim mods are the best thing ever.]Literally lost my will to live]Dragons and arrows]Skyrim is one of the best video games ever made. Mods = infinite replayability.]Killed chicken in Riverwood, got noscoped by guard. 420/69 would MLG again - Ign]It's Skyrim. It doesn't even need guns. Need I even say more? 11/10]IT GAVE ME KNOWLEDGE ON HOW TO SUCK HUGE]Comparing this Skyrim to new, incoming open-world games is like comparing to Far Cry 3 to the fourth one. Far Cry 4 might have better graphics and better controls, Far Cry 3 still makes me feel better.]Pro: -big open world -great graphics -character customization (creation/leveling) -beautiful questlines -soundtrack = inspirational = earcandy -many mods on Steam Workshop and Nexus -ALOT of console commands PC via the ingame console (PC only!) -endless replayability due to character customization and mods Con: -basic combat animations, especially hitting some(one)(thing) with melee is a bit of a let down -voice acting is weird on moments, for example: you see a 70 y/o woman but hear a 20 y/o lady -glitches (though those are just minor and somethimes funny things) Verdict: One of the best, and probably THE best, RPG I've ever played! The huge game plus its dlc and many mods (though now a bit less accessible with the paid mods system) keeps you going for hundreds of hours, even if you only create 1 character. I give it a 9,5/10 ! What to buy: I recommend buying the Legendary Edition wich includes the game plus all dlc (Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn). Though the base game is huge and with all the mods you probably don't see a reason to get the dlc, the quality of the content is really worth it.]I find it hard to imagine it when a person tells me they havent played skyrim. I find it even harder to imagine someone who played skyrim and didnt like it.]To me, this game is timeless. There is a reason people play it over and over and over. Between the lore, the immense number of side quests, and the different choices that affect your gameplay, this game is a new life, a new experience every time. Very immersive and always fun.]An epic RPG, with a good story. The choice to play as thieves and assassins is always a great character option that keeps that tired hero theme in check. I found the dragons got boring after a while, but the massive world to explore, and good story twists make this a great game.]What a sequel, ey! Skyrim continues to add to the expanding 'Elder Scrolls' timeline, in a much more stylish way. Skyrim offers much more manageable controls compared to its predecessor, Oblivion. As well as this, it is so much more /pretty/! The story is riveting enough to pull you through the countless fetch quests and other tedious tasks, although the pace can fall at some stages during the story - through these it is simply a fact of powering through these sections until the story picks up again. Personally I wouldn't buy this game unless it was on sale, but if you are a Elder Scrolls fan or an avid RPG player, this game may just be worth the RRP.]Flat out one of the best games I have ever played. Endless customisation, deep lore, a huge breathing world to explore, stunning visuals, epic storylines and choices galore. This game can be played anyway that you wish. You can blast through every storyline, creating a death dealing beast of a character; be it mage, archer, elf, orc or lizard. Or you can roleplay the day in the life of a poor fisherman or farmer, or a hunter or soldier...the opportunities are endless. You can literally do whatever you want in this world. With a choice of ten playable races (more with mods), and a complex and detailed characeter creation screen, you are free to birth any denizen that you desire. And hello old school rpg-ers: no classes. Thats right, build whatever playstyle you so wish; from a duel weilding ice mage to a pickaxe hefting orcish maid. Choose your own story, and make choices that will be reacted to and remembered (mostly). And MODS! This game has a colossal modding communtiy, from the Steam Workshop to the Skyrim Nexus, you can completley change the way you play the game, or the way the game looks and more. Seriously, this game can look next-next-next gen :) Honestly, I can't recommend this game enough; play this if you are looking for immersion, quality, roleplaying, story, lore...I could go on for days, but I appear to have taken an arrow to the over-used-internet-meme.]Best game. Ive played it for over 500 hours on xbox but it is so good I got it on PC aswell. The modding community is great.]I have 700+ hour on this game...Do I really need to say anything else? Honestly you either love TES or you hate it.]Do you not have this game? Stop waiting, Go get it. Stop Asking questions, You will love it. (I had about 6000 Hours on another account that i lost the password to. So i bought Skyrim again. That should be point enough)]best game of all time]For just a moment, imagine yourself dressed in armor and fur, your muscular frame toughened against the cold blowing wind and snow that swirls about you. Now let the camera in your mind's eye pull back a bit to show the heavy forest you're trodding through with sword and shield in hand, your senses kept ever sharp against stalking predators. Pull back even more and discover that your frozen woodland is on the slope of a mountain, one of many in a range surrounding a sprawling city. Pull back one last time, to a satellite view: The city you see is joined by two, three, then dozens more, spread out over a vast landmass crisscrossed by a seemingly infinite number of rivers, lakes and mountains. You are in Skyrim.]Garunteed Life Waster 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000/10 Recomend to your children, let them be consumed by it for eternity. Also one of the greatest mod communities ever.]if you didn't play this game just quit gaming]The thing about Skyrim that always brings me back is because it never fails to surprise me. Whether it be a dungeon I've never explored or a playstyle I've never tried. Skyrim is so addictingly fun and extravagantly beautiful it never ceases to amaze me. The modding community makes it all the better allowing you to expand the game to what it always felt like it wanted to be, but Bethesda couldn't manage to achieve. Skyrim will always be my favorite game of all time.]this game is fun to play as a waiting for something to download and it has a nice storyline and great voice actors so i rate this game 8/10]Its Skyrim, nuff said.]Sweet Rolls for the Dragon Born and friends, from The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, following as close to the in game recipes as possible. Warning, abuse of moon sugar can cause tooth decay. Use at your own risk! Sweet Rolls 1/2 tsp from Salt Pile 1/4 cup from Jug of Milk 2 cups from Sack of Flour 2 sticks (1 cup) of Butter 5 Chickens Eggs 1 1/2 tsp Extract from Vanilla Plant 1 2/3 cups Moon Sugar (aka granulated sugar) (you can add in 1 tsp of baking powder to assist in rising, but if you whip the butter and eggs enough, you wont need it) For the glaze: 4 TB Butter 2 TB from Jug of Milk 2 cups Powdered Moon Sugar (aka confectioners sugar) 1 tsp Extract from Vanilla Plant Sweet roll pan (mini bundt pan) Step 1: Gather Ingredients 1. Gather your ingredients and allow to reach room temperature. Preheat your hearth to 350 degrees F. 2.Cream the butter and sugar together and beat until fluffy (at least five minutes). 3. Slowly add in each chickens egg and beat well. Add the milk or cream. 4. Add the flour, salt and vanilla extract and stir gently until mixed. 5. Pour into greased swell roll pans and bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Allow to cool. Step 2: Glaze and Consume 1. For the glaze, melt the butter and add in the milk. 2. Slowly mix in the powdered sugar and vanilla. Drizzle over cooled sweet rolls. 3. Do not fight any dragons for 30 minutes after consuming more than 5 sweet rolls.]buy, just frickin buy it!]This is the best game ever.You just turn your brain off for a couple hundreds of hours and enjoy literally UNLIMITED content (I have played the ps3 version for almost 200 hours and left a lot of quests untouched ).Now that it gets frequently on sale there is no reason not to have this game.If you are still thinking about it just go for it!]One of the best games you could ever play in your life. Ever. Like, anytime, ever.]Spent more time to install mod, will find this game is the best single player game in the world]killed an old lady in the woods, she sent thugs to assassinate me. 8/8 would murder again]Realy awesome game :D and at the steam workshop there is a mod installer]Killed the emperor, got fined 9000 gold. Stole a cabbage, got sent to prison, and wanted all over Skyrim. 10/10, would steal a cabbage again.]one of the best game i had]Skyrim cured my diabeetus. I can now live a long healthy life in my studio apartment with my 30 cats eating white chocolate macadamia nut cookies into my golden years. God bless Skyrim.]I've played this game on all 3 platforms since release, and even after getting all achievements there is a lot more to do in this game. Installing mods just makes the game more stunning than it really is, and in short; it's probably the best game out there in my opinion (Maybe discluding Fallout)]One of my favorite games of all time, Skyrim is a wonderfully crafted RPG and edition in Bethesda's Elder Scrolls series. It has a very interesting storyline, and has many different armor sets to defend you, and weapons and spells to slay the vast array of enemies thrown before you. Even though some of the side quests aren't as interesting as the ones in the previous game Oblivion; there is still many fun and entertaining quests to take part in. The world is also very expansive and rewarding to explore. Once you pick it up you won't be putting it down for months. 9/10]Game of our generation. Thanks to mods. Free. Free mods.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the only quality variant of a Lord of the Rings video game that it isn't trying to be nor actually is one. Its a bit of a medieval simulator with its own cannon and lore. With several plot lines taking up the majority of your time alongside the numerous expansion content, and side quest lines that allow you to truly become your own character, whether that be a modern Robin Hood or the next incarnation of Merlin. Some of these quest lines arent the longest and some of them are quite repetitive, but many of them allow you to become something of yourself, high and mighty and powerful even though not that much significance is made of it in comparison to the fact youre the next Dragonborn and the loot throughout the majority of these lines only getting you by, with my only complaint there really being the fact that I did not have the freedom to choose where to place what quest line and where, and eventually not even finishing the Dragonborn (DLC) quest line due to boredom. Mechanics are plentiful in Skyrim: stats management is simple and only consists of health, stamina and magicka (which includes powers and dragon shouts, too) and an ability to upgrade a whole host of skills through the in-depth specialised tree for them. If you prefer something other than magic, like me, you can go and be an archer with different types of arrows and bows to fire them with, upgrading and enchanting throughout, or you can wave a sword around like an unbreakable stick. Fast travel is also a thing, which kind of removes some of the immersion from the game but nonetheless getting you throughout the vast world. You can trade and sell your old items as you upgrade, enchant and move on through variant merchants using the same simplistic menu system that gets you lost the more items you carry. Using commands through the console is also a big help, and on computer its rather a present from the heavens due to many of the impractical bugs causing you large annoyance are either fixable or.. well, avoidable - but if you use the commands to cheat, it really ruins the experience. I got bored of the game once I did this, it became less of a challenge to achieve something, gain something or complete something. Concluding, this game was a real blast for the hundred or more hours I poured into it, and it really allows you to get immersed and continue playing. Just one more dungeon, yada yada. You really must avoid cheating, though - curiosity will ruin it for you.]I say not much about it ... You like Fantasy, Dragons, Elder Magic, First Person and where you creating the history with ? Then purchase SKYRIM !]I killed a dragon as a werewolf, attempted to fight a mammoth with my fists, and, most importantly... killed Nazim. 11/10. Would kill Nazim again.]it's the best RPG in the world.  Elder Scrolls Online, Skyrim is better]awsome game]It's literally the best game ever.]When you spend half your playtime rearranging different objects in your house in a virtual world, you know you have a great game!]An amazing role playing game with countless quests and interactive NPCs, the very epitome of gretness. A must-have game.]Really fun game. The only thing that made me quit for a couple of months now was a gamebreaking bug (I accepted the Jagged Crown quest, but never gave the crown to Ulfric. So then, at the time of the Peace Treaty meeting at Hrothgar, noone took their seats when I sat down in my assigned seat. So the game pretty much didnt work beyond that point, so I gave up after that). But I am going to make a new character relatively soon and probably not a dual wield warrior anymore :D.]Prize of the DLCs is just halarious ... f* that! The game itself does not live up to the quality of Oblivion or morowind but has its moments (even then guild quests are not that great this time), but the seting and atmosphere are just great. Realy enjoyed this, sad they did not put work into the story and quests.]A great way to lose your life in this world! A great way to lose your social life in this world A great way.....to live in this world! I am the High King of Skyrim! I order you to play this game!]I've noticed that the reviews for Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim tend to be about why that game is the best Elder Scrolls game and the others are terrible in comparison. I really enjoy all three of them (sorry, Arena and Daggerfall, you're just not very enjoyable by today's standards), so I figured I'll give reviews for each that focus on what's unique about each of them, and what kind of players that will appeal to. Skyrim is the most mainstream of the three. It's a big, grand production, meant for a big. grand reception. In other words, this was the first TES game specifically designed to be in the headlines a ton. Think of it as the difference between a film with a 30 million dollar production budget and one with a 300 million production budget, meant to be one of the grandest films of the decade. Morrowind and Oblivion are the former, Skyrim is the latter. It's easily the most professional of the three. As such, the game is meant to be most appealing to a wide range of players. Morrowind is pure chaos, Oblivion is pure order, and Skyrim is somewhere between those two extremes. It's safe when it wants to be and wild when it wants to be. It has some of the rugged freedom of Morrowind, while being polished like Oblivion and therefore avoiding any of the major negatives that Morrowind also has. For the positives of the game, let's go ahead and start with the graphics and scenery. Morrowind had rugged scenery, but the graphics weren't good enough to really be stunned by it. Oblivion had soft graphics and scenery, which left you feeling perfectly content but not awed. Skyrim has both the graphics and scenery to take your breath away. It's rugged, majestic, powerful, and all sorts of other things. It's easily the most immersive of any of the three games. No matter how many thousands of hours you've spent playing it, there will always be views that strike awe in you. Whenever a game can get you to willingly just stop and stand there and take in everything, it's succeeded. Skyrim does that all the time. The skill and perk systems are also the best of any TES game. It allows you to really forge your own path and adapt your character however you want as the game progresses. Morrowind and Oblivion basically make you decide at the beginning exactly what type of character you want, and keeps you confined to that choice. Skyrim is much more fluid, and each playthrough is much more customizable, which also allows you to add much more depth to the story you come up with for your character. Want to be a high elf who is disgusted by the actions of the Aldmeri dominion and decides to shun magic and adopt the rugged combat and lifestyle of the local Nords? Want to be an Orc who feels no connection to the brute stregth emphasized in your culture and instead explore the arcane and master the ways of the mage? Want to be a Redguard who shuns the sword and shield and instead masters the bow and slips silently through the shadows? Well, in Skyrim you can be any of those things, and pretty much anything else you could possibly imagine. Another big positive is the crafting systems found in the game. The smithing skill replaces the armorer skill, and is a gigantic improvement. You don't have to worry about maintaining your armor and weapons, but instead you will be able to smith powerful weapons and armor the more time you devote to it. If you want to have daedric weapons before you even hit level 20, you can, but remember that it means you spent so much time smithing that your combat skills might not be up to par. The same goes for brewing powerful potions or creating powerful enchantments. It's determined less by getting lucky and finding good stuff, and more by deciding what to pursue. For the negatives, we have to go back to the earlier analogy about the Hollywood films. The 300 million dollar budget film has a ton of things that you could possibly want, but it also cant take the risks or be as quirky as the 30 million dollar budget film. So everything in Skyrim is polished and streamlined, and sometimes you find yourself wishing that it would be less powerful and more quirky or nuanced. The magic is a good example. There are fewer schools of magic, and fewer varieties of spells. No levitation, no damage weapon or damage armor spells, no school of mysticism, etc. Destruction spells basically come in three varieties (frost, fire, and shock). There is a good variety of types of those spells (cloak, rune, constant cast, etc), but sometimes you want to be able to hit someone with something other than frost, fire, or shock damage as a mage, and in Skyrim you can't. The DLC's do add some good variety (restoration school spells that do direct damge to undead or do posion damage, conjuration spells that allow you to bring forth powerful creatures made of ash, etc.), but it's still less options than Oblivion or Morrowind gave you. And that's really what a lot of the negatives of this game boil down to: things you loved about Oblivion and Morrowind that weren't included in Skyrim. It has so many improvements over those two, but it also gets rid of some of the things people loved about them. The soundtrack, for example, is a powerful soundtrack, but it feels like it's always in "adrenaline-pumping" mode, whereas Morrowind and Oblivion had music that would really draw you in emotionally. It's not that Skyrim's soundtrack is bad, it's just that Morrowind's and Oblivion's were better overall. Overall, this is the crown jewel of the TES series so far, but that doesn't mean it was perfect. You'll love it, and yet you will still sometimes prefer to play Oblivion or Morrowind instead.]Our hero, our hero, claims a warrior's heart. I tell you, I tell you, the dragonborn comes. With a voice wielding power of the ancient nord art. Believe, believe, the dragonborn comes. It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes. Beware, beware, the dragonborn comes. For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows. You'll know, you'll know the dragonborn's come. Dovahkiin, dovahkiin, naal ok zin los vahriin, Wah dein vokul mahfaeraak ahst vaal! Ahrk fin norok paal graan fod nust hon zindro zaan, Dovahkiin, fah hin kogaan mu draal! --The Dragonborn Comes]With the exception of the other Elder Scrolls games, and a few games from Bioware, I feel that Skyrim is the definitive singleplayer RPG experience gaming has to offer this far. What is most remarkable about Skyrim and other Elder Scrolls games, is that it is completely unliniar. You never have to complete the "main quest" and will most likely never finish all the "side" content either. You are free to do as you wish, and Bethesda has created an enjoyable and believable world for you do enjoy yourself in, completely.]My favorite game of all time, the adventuring, the exploring, it's just fantastic. If you're in an adventurin' mood then don't even hesitate to get this game!]really fun game]There is no reason for you to not own this game.]You can launch goats off a mountain, even though the elders tell you to use your powers wisely. 11/10]BEST GAME EVER YOU HAVE TO BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!]This is the best game ever.You just turn your brain off for a couple hundreds of hours and enjoy literally UNLIMITED content (I have played the ps3 version for almost 200 hours and left a lot of quests untouched ).Now that it gets frequently on sale there is no reason not to have this game.If you are still thinking about it just go for it!]Skyrim is a good RPG, but not a great one. I have been an avid fan of the Elder Scrolls series since Morrowind back when I was a wee lad playing that lovely dirt-colored game on my brother's original Xbox back in 2003-2005. Anyways, I was expecting this game to be a more refined version of Oblivion, which has a special place in this Cuban's heart, but Skyrim was different. It felt targeted for a broader audience, not one the typical Bethsesda RPG fan like me and many others. Forgive the word, but Skyrim is the epitome of a casual RPG. If my brother, the same brother who bought Morrowind for me and my other brother back in 2003 but hated it, can sink hours into this game like it was Call of Duty, then it definitely is a casual RPG. Does that make it bad? God no! Skyrim is an extremely pretty game that I would love to indulge myself in if I had more time to. I just feel like if anyone can pick, swing a sword, and kill  in an RPG, it is casual. Try doing that in Oblivion against some tougher creatures and your  will become mudcrab food along the shores of that bloom covered and colorful land.]One of my favorite games of all time, Skyrim is a wonderfully crafted RPG and edition in Bethesda's Elder Scrolls series. It has a very interesting storyline, and has many different armor sets to defend you, and weapons and spells to slay the vast array of enemies thrown before you. Even though some of the side quests aren't as interesting as the ones in the previous game Oblivion; there is still many fun and entertaining quests to take part in. The world is also very expansive and rewarding to explore. Once you pick it up you won't be putting it down for months. 9/10]Skyrim cured my diabeetus. I can now live a long healthy life in my studio apartment with my 30 cats eating white chocolate macadamia nut cookies into my golden years. God bless Skyrim.]Like Fallout w/ guns without guns.]I've played this game on all 3 platforms since release, and even after getting all achievements there is a lot more to do in this game. Installing mods just makes the game more stunning than it really is, and in short; it's probably the best game out there in my opinion (Maybe discluding Fallout)]There are games like Dragon age which do a great job of making you feel as if you are in the world but they fall short of totally getting you in the world. But skyrim is something else , you can cook , hunt , explore or just kill bandits all day. You have the totall freedom to do what ever you want really. If you want to be a sneaky assassin who can summon daedric gods to fight along side you thats all cool with skyrim. Its this total freedom that sucks me in comeplety and why it is one of the best games to come out. And this is coming from a person who was not a fan of Oblivion. If you are looking for game that take hours of your life away than this is the game for you my friend. There are of cousre some bad things about the game but they are far overlooked by the fantasticly great things about. I give this game a 9.5/10 on PC. ( and on Xbox an 8/10) HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!]Game of our generation. Thanks to mods. Free. Free mods.]Killed the emperor, got fined 9000 gold. Stole a cabbage, got sent to prison, and wanted all over Skyrim. 10/10, would steal a cabbage again.]one of the best game i had]A phenomenal game. So deep and rich, meaning an immersive and long-lived experience. A game I will keep coming back to.]Only one thing I can say about this game........ MOD IT TILL IT BREAKS]This is by all accounts, an AMAZING game. Even though it's story does not match up to what it's predecessor, Oblivion had, it is still very good. The limit on what you can do in the game is virtually non-existent! Also, there are hundreds of side quests you can do, some of them you can repeat. The 3 DLC's that have been released for the game, Hearthfire, Dawnguard and Dragonborn also add a lot more. In Hearthfire, you can build your own home from scratch, in Dawnguard, you choose a side, and it has a lot of cool stuff. In Dragonborn, it adds a whole new world! Even if you don't want to do something in the game, you are not forced to (unless you count the opening quest)! This game is worth the price.]Stabbed someone in the . 10/10]This game is better than North Korea.]Sir Frankenberry, Esquire visits the city of Solitude for the first time. It's a business trip, but there's much to see in this relative metropolis. The matter of business is attending a wedding reception, but that will go on all night. Let her live a bit longer. Sir Frankenberry, Esquire has time to be distracted. He comes across a clothing store, something else the warrior has never encountered. Non-protective outer chest coverings? How unusual. How... impractical. The shop's owner, Taarie, is as intrigued by the sight of an orcish customer as Sir Frankenberry, Esquire is by the mere existence of the shop. The owner's curiosity bubbles over. She energetically requests that Sir Frankenberry, Esquire model one of her signature garments for Solitude's mayor. The unspoken but understood reason being that if her clothes can make this monster look appealing... Sir Frankenberry, Esquire sees several steps beyond this thinly veiled insult and into the payoff. He would be honored. Taarie passes a formal hip-length tunic to Sir Frankenberry, Esquire and wishes him a good evening. Once out of sight of the shop, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire forces the shirt on over the top of his full plate armor. It stretches, but in credit to its craftsmanship, does not burst. Refusing to smile, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire heads off towards the reception. Solitude's mayor has already arrived, of course. She has predictably positioned herself adjacent to the bride, where the evening's attention will be perpetually centered. A fully armed and armored 7 foot high orc approaches. His face is hidden by an enclosed helmet. The warhammer strapped to his back runs nearly the full length of his massive frame. A strained and battered wrap of cotton fabric clings about his chest. The mayor maintains composure. "DO YOU LIKE MY SHIRT?" "I'm sorry. Hello... your shirt?" "YES. DO YOU LIKE IT?" "Oh. My. It's positively astounding. I do." "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME. SHE OWNS A CLOTHING STORE IN TOWN." "Taarie did? That's... great. I should visit her later on..." "SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT." The mayor was on the brink of betraying an emotion of discomfort. But before an eyebrow could be raised, Sir Frankenberry, Esquire's warhammer was lifted overhead, then brought down through the body of the nearby bride. The weapon's weight was more than that of the target. The swiftness of the action combined with the unrecognizable result meant that several seconds passed before anyone knew exactly what had occurred. Anyone except the orc, of course, who was already sprinting towards the city gates. "TAARIE MADE IT FOR ME! SHE MADE IT FOR ME TO WEAR FOR YOU TONIGHT!" Sir Frankenberry, Esquire permitted himself a smile.]If you like a long main quest of killing, magic voices, dragons, slashing, killing, and even MORE KILLING!? GET THIS GAME!! If you want this, get it during a sale... it's really expensive. But... GET. THIS. GAME.]this games like midevil gta.......but you cant lose to cops(gurads) you have to kill and slauter every one]cant wait for skyrim 2]I have this game in my old steam account, just have to buy it again because it's awesome! Fell off the cliff once more!]im still new to this game and i cant stop playin it so much fun alot of things that u can do :D u also dont need a beastly pc to run it my PC specs are gtx 760 and an i5 i play on ultra and full reso i get 100/60+ fps !!!]By the Gods.... this game is holy.]The elder scrolls Fallout IV is the new addition to the Fallout of scrolls elder games. Fallout IV scrolls is an immersive RPG game made by Bethesda Fallout 4 and it's Fallout 4, Where you play the main protagonist The dragonborn Benny, you start off being assaulted by Benny in Fallout 4. Dragons... WHO CARES ABOUT DRAGONS FALLOUT 4 HYPE FALLOUT 4 HYPE!!!! #RingADingDingBaby #ReturnBennyInFallout4Plz #NcrAllTheWay #FALLOUT4HYPE #Mr.HouseIsAHoax #DEATHCLAWZ]I find it hard to imagine it when a person tells me they havent played skyrim. I find it even harder to imagine someone who played skyrim and didnt like it.]The game where memes are more dangerous than dragons.]very good game i like the elder scrolls games since each one brings it up a notch]This is a great game. Good graphics, good gameplay. I love the combat system, it's a huge improvement from the other Elder Scrolls games.]This game is amazing! 'Nuff said.]DLC Simulator 2015. I can pay $35 for a new set of armour.. or $100 for Improved and HD Horse genitalia. 45/10 would recom--- To read the rest of this review you have to pay for the Improved reviewer for Steam Reviews DLC for $24.99 $21.99 !]kill a chicken, get an arrow in the knee ~riverwood townsfolk]Do I really need to explain why this is amazing?]The Elder Scrolls V: Mod it Until it Crashes. This is Skyrim. You already know what this is - a less glitchy Oblivion with better graphics and a Norse theme...boy that armor is dopey (It's also useless, and you may never actually wear it). Main thoughts:  As far as RPGs go, it's ace. Open world, lots to explore, nearly infinite side quests.  Obviously newer than Oblivion with correspondingly better graphics, but the overall feel of the game was more immersive. Great attention was put into the environment, voice acting, etc.  Main quest is absolute , and I don't think even Bethesda is willing to refute that. This is why an open world with a hundred minor quests is a saving grace. Without an almost Minecraftesque "set your own personal objective" freedom, it wouldn't be much. Unfortunately, the big picture is a bit more sour. The game has no trees or vegetation of any kind. In fact, it has no color whatsoever, the game is practically in black and white. In general, more attention to detail and improvement in the items and interface is needed. Frankly, this nearly ruins a game that otherwise had a great deal of potential. For this reason, I do not recommend Skyrim on the Xbox. However, we are blessed to have the Steam Workshop for Skyrim on the PC. Thanks to a furry of highly competent modders, the game is playable again and the only reason I recommend this game here. I, therefore, recommend the following mods, for your convenience, listed in no other order than how I have written them down just now (I'm not responsible for your load order): Better Embers Staves of Skyrim Towns and Villages Enhanced: (Markath+) Towns and Villages Enhanced: Whiterun Towns and Villages Enhanced: Riften Towns and Villages Enhanced: Whiterun Exterior Towns and Villages Enhanced: Falkreath Towns and Villages Enhanced: Morthal Towns and Villages Enhanced: Dawnstar Towns and Villages Enhanced: Inns Towns and Villages Enhanced: Markarth Exterior Towns and Villages Enhanced: Villages Redux Towns and Villages Enhanced: Solitude Towns and Villages Enhanced: Riverwood Towns and Villages Enhanced: Winterhold Midas Magic Evolved Shadow Striping Fix (Indoor/Outdoor) Immersive Fallen Trees V1.4 Horse Armors Whistle Shooting Stars Beast Skeletons HD Plants + Herbs Realistic Water Two Reduced Distance NPC Greetings Sounds of Skyrim - Civilization Sounds of Skyrim - The Wilds Sounds of Skyrim - Dungeons Immersive Saturation Boost Complete Skyforge Truly Balanced Destruction Magic Rainbows Also, grab some hairstyle and other mods from Nexus.]1,000,000/10 - Murdered chicken, got arrested - Killed a dragon, crowned a hero - No one cared afterwards and proceeded with their daily lives - Became the #1 most wanted person for stealing a potato 10/10 - Console commands. killallkillallkillallkillall - Consume 10 cheese wheels, 6 baked potatoes, and 2 sweet rolls in a matter of 4 seconds - Join Dark Brotherhood - Suddenly, you're an assassin - No, don't go jumping of buildings - I used to be an adventurer - Until I took an arrow to the knee - Wow, I'm surprised you managed to read up till here. Congratulations *slow clap* No really, though. Get this game. Great soundtrack, lots of awesome exploring, and a  ton of gameplay.]this game is a open world role-playing game that you can either do quests or just explore the scenery of skyrim]An amazing Medieval adventure/RPG. I have never played an Elder Scrolls game before this one but I had played Fallout so I made assumptions they were similar. To an extent they are but there are some major differences (Other than the technology difference). I loved fallout and I love this game too. It involves adventure over a massive world exploring towns, killing dragons, stealling from people, assassinating people - It's got everything! The game is similar to fallout in the way they are both Published by Bethesda and are both RPGs. Skyrim is pretty much your typical RPG with one extremely important difference (IMO), The level system. Enemies don't have levels, nor do quests so you don't have to grind for 8 hours trying to reach level 16 so you can do this quest which gives you a reward that is for level 14s and useless to you. Skyrim and fallout both have a system in which levels give you better perks but don't matter in terms of progression, which IMO is what makes these games the best RPGs. I could go on for ages but if you're too lazy to read that at least read this... TL;DR - Good game, great RPG/Adventure, you can kill a dragon... 9/10]This is probably the game that i have played most...EVER It has a great story good gameplay (in my opinion) lots of content HOURS AND HOURS worth of stuff to do All in all its a great game and any gamer should at least have tried this game.]I don't know what words to use to describe this game.]You can make yourself a cat and name it Citrus 10/10]Going through my game list I just saw that I have over 400 hours on this game. I don't understand, how this is possible. I haven't even finished the main quest yet. Barley began the quest line of the first expansion, and not even finished the starter quest of the second expansion. I have yet to fully explore Skyrim. Of the 8 holds (Skyrim districts) I only explored 5 of them. I don't know how many more hours It will take me until I finished the main quest and the two expansions. How many more to see everything, but thank I godI took breaks playing this game. Because if you play straight from start to finish, having maybe over 1000 hours of play behind you, you will be fluid in the ancient dragon tongue, recite the theme song from your memory and likely need a guidance consular to help you take your first steps back in the real world. So immersive is this game experience. In the years to come it won't be possible to take people serious that haven't played this game.]Played it for HOURS theres just so much to do and to get and dont forget the EPIC graphics :)]Damn this game has a chunk of my life, perhaps not as much as Mount&Blade but still a chunk. 10/10 Would spend hours watching Lydia kill thousands of wolves again.]My oh my... I can't even start to put into words this game and how it has (drastically) changed my gaming life. I remember getting it for christmas of 2012, and when I got in the game, it just felt... right. The Elder Scrolls series was amazing. I thought all of them (don't forget fallout !) had a great supported plot. I mean, 3 years later and I still have caves to find. I would say, that some rendering bugs (mostly cosmetic) had changed my overall gameplay roaming around Skyrim, but on PC I easily fixed that with mods. It's probably my favorite game to come, and I hope that TES VI will be good as well. This game has led me to buy other TES games, as well as the fallout series. Even among my friends, I am the TES geek of the group. 10/10 As of 10:47 AM, 6/12/14 I have logged 713 hours on this game.]I haven't played that much on PC but Xbox 360TM is a whole other story. i've enjoyed this game from 2012 to the year 2014. just a beyond common adventure game.]fights a dragon. slays it. fights a giant. slain by it. 11/10 giants>legendary dragons.]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]It's Skyrim...nuff said!]I love the lore of Skyrim and how you can choose your own path in the game! The mods on the Steam Workshop really make Skyrim so much better. Khajiits 4 Lyfe!]It's like Fallout, but with swords.]you get to fight, like, dragons vampires n , would recommend.]I really love this game PROS +the world and story are rich +many many hours of gameplay time +immersive +nice exploration with hundreds of locations to discover +great skill tree +decent character customization (but kinda lacking in hair) +difficult choices and decisions CONS -kinda linear on armor progression -lack voice acting variety -a bit repetitive combat on melee fighter -bugs and sometimes sudden crash The best thing is most of the cons can be fixed by mods,so you can really make this game almost perfect 8.5/10 but with mods I give it a 9.5/10]Skyrim is one of the best video games ever made. Mods = infinite replayability.]Literally lost my will to live]Best game I've ever played!]For just a moment, imagine yourself dressed in armor and fur, your muscular frame toughened against the cold blowing wind and snow that swirls about you. Now let the camera in your mind's eye pull back a bit to show the heavy forest you're trodding through with sword and shield in hand, your senses kept ever sharp against stalking predators. Pull back even more and discover that your frozen woodland is on the slope of a mountain, one of many in a range surrounding a sprawling city. Pull back one last time, to a satellite view: The city you see is joined by two, three, then dozens more, spread out over a vast landmass crisscrossed by a seemingly infinite number of rivers, lakes and mountains. You are in Skyrim.]Realy awesome game :D and at the steam workshop there is a mod installer]kill a chicken, get an arrow in the knee ~riverwood townsfolk]Do I really need to explain why this is amazing?]this game is a open world role-playing game that you can either do quests or just explore the scenery of skyrim]One of the best games you could ever play in your life. Ever. Like, anytime, ever.]Spent more time to install mod, will find this game is the best single player game in the world]This game is horrible. Mods make it better, for a price. They also make it crash a lot.]You will have to spend dozens of hours to fully explore Skyrim. Like any other Bethesda game, it has its share of imperfections and broken promises, but it's exciting and fascinating nevertheless. Wait for a couple of patches to come out, download the best mods, tighten the screws in the SkyrimPrefs.ini file, and you're good to go for a virtual Christmas vacation ;)]Skyrim. SKYRIM! Play as whoever you want! Except an Asian. Roleplay as whoever you want. YOU CAN DO ANYTHING! EXCEPT TALK. YOU CAN BE A CRAZY KLEPTOMANIAC LESBIAN WEREWOLF WHO SPECIALIZES IN CLAYMORES OR A BISEXUAL SWORD-SPELL WEILDING MANIAC ON A QUEST FOR VENGEANCE AFTER HIS DOG IS KILLED AND HES A LOOSE RENEGADE COP WHO DONT FOLLOW NO RULES UNTIL HES ASSIGNED A HIGH ELF PARTNER AND THEN HE LEARNS A LOT ABOUT LIFE WHILE ALSO GAINING VENGEANCE THURSDAYS AT NIIIIIIINE. Erm, oh oh sorry. FIGHT DRAGONS! USUALLY WHILE TRYING TO DO SOMETHING THAT IS TEDIOUS AND ANNOYING. Die to the same bandit chief over and over again BECAUSE HE KEEPS USING THAT GOD DAMN SCRIPTED EXECUTION MOVE GOD DAMN YOU ING ORC  NOBWAFFLE. FIGHT DRAGONS! OR DON'T DO THAT BECAUSE YOU'RE A . PUNCH AN ORC SO HARD HE EXPLODES! PUMP YOUR GAME FULL OF SEX MODS BECAUSE YOU ONLY THOUGHT ABOUT IF YOU COULD, AND YOU DIDN'T STOP TO THINK IF YOU SHOULD. YOU MONSTER. EXPLOSIONS*! SKYRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIM! *Explosions are limited and not as explodey as normal explosions. Side effects may include being on fire, shrapnel lodged into your face, discomfort, loss of hearing, or loss of vision. Do not take EXPLOSIONS if you are pregnant, were recently pregnant. Ask your doctor if EXPLOSIONS are right for you.]It is one of my favorite games since I started playin it. I have no doubt that this game is the best of the series of the elder scrolls so far.]Theres so much to do, I haven't even started modding yet.]Bought a horsey. Rode a horsey to nearest bandito outpost. Unmount horsey. Stabby them banditos. Run back to dead horsey by bandito arrow. Long walk of Q_Q to town.]I've been killing a dragons for almost 600 hours. It was f.....g amazing 10/10]I've never been into RPG's. but this game turned that around. The expansive world of this game just seems to keep on going, and with all of the mods out there, you can't finish it. It's almost impossible to 100% this game, and there are so many classes you can become, and you can change your class down the line, not like most games that gives you the options to become the base classes as mage, warrior, archer or thief. The replay value in this game is absolutely amazing!! Go pick up this game, it's worth it!!]love this game 9/10]Say goodbye to your loved ones. You won't be seeing them for a while.]Well, What can I say :)! I love The Elder Scrolls Series and I love Skyrim as one of the series! I love Oblivion and Morrowind! The Elder Scrolls series portrays a very realistic view on the fantasy world many years ago, It does this by: Stunning Graphics - You do not need an amazing graphics card to run this game, people will recommend the GTX 670, but, I have a 7770 and the game looks stunning (on ultra), and you can also download the HD Texture mods, this will show a much better graphical content! But, with the HD Texture Mod, somethings have not been worked on as much as somethings else, i.e. the rocks in caves compared to the sky. I believe this is because the Sky is viewed more than the rocks inside of caves. Good Physics - I know this game has good physics. I can tell because I have played all the other Elder Scrolls, and on Morrowind the physics were as good as they can be in 2001, Oblivion, Again, The physics were as good as they can be in 2009! And, possibly we could think the same about Skyrim in a few years time, nevertheless, the physics are very good and this contributes to the brilliant graphics that this game provides. The Story - Although this game can be played (after the first 5 quests I believe) very different, you can choose to do quests, or you can explore and hunt and explore caves. Then, once you have explored the places that the map will let you, you can then do quests in different parts of Skyrim i.e. Dawnstar, Markarth, Morthal,Riften,Solitude,Whiterun,Windhelm,Winterhold and Falkreath. But, withing these constituencies there are towns that the quests are allocated. The Whole Game - With all of the brilliant physics and the stunning graphics (even without the HD Texture Mod) this game you can play for hours on end and just forget about the real world and create and play your own fantasy and take risks and use logic! Overall - The game is brilliant! As I have explained above, the graphics and the physics make the game much more enjoyable (just like any other game) :) 10/10]Skyrim is simply the most amazing world editor game you can play. It's exactly what a hard core game wants. The game isn't about fantasy or slaying dragons at all forget that , it's about spending hundreds of hours configuring and reconfiguring .ini files and debugging why boobs don't bounce right or why physix mods cause horses to fly during the opening credits. I wanted to create the most beautiful, perfect, real world experience, before starting out my quest. 155 hours in and 100 mods deep I created my perfect experience then I got all the expansions and broke the mods and look forward to going thru it all again! I'm serious when I say I get more satisfaction tweaking a game then actually playing it. Skyrim is aging like a fine wine.]Ah yes, the wonderful world of Skyrim. I know I am very late to the party, but oh boy what an amazing afterparty this is. The entire game comes near perfection, the game has so much to offer, and I have yet to play it much (Blame it on my school exams, and if my grades are bad, blame it on Skyrim.), but I am more then thrilled to get lost in this amazing masterpiece. The graphics are amazing for it's time, but that's not the essential part, graphics never should be. It's the story, it's the gameplay, it's the feeling you get when playing it and missing it when you have to quit. I am a noob to the RPG genre, but I've been playing a good few of 'em. And I must say, Skyrim tops them all. The community adds so many amazing features to the game, the community is so clean and friendly, something you rarely see these days. Now, let's get to the pro's and cons, and my ratings. Pro's: -Amazing Storyline -Giant world, with the DLCs to enlarge it even more -Great modding community, so active -Gorgeous views and landscapes -Decent to good graphics, especially with some mods -A ton of great and amusing sidequests Cons: -Combat system a bit rusty (easily fixed with mods) -Some minor bugs, but such a large game can't be expected to be clean -I wish that I could think of more, but I just simply cannot... Ratings: Story: 9.5/10 Quests: 9/10 World: 10/10 Graphics: 8/10 Sounds: 8.5/10 Creativity: 9.5/10 Community: 10/10 This is my first real review, and my main language isn't English, so please bare with me. :D]One of the best.]"And this thing I have thought of, I have named it, and I call it freedom." ~ Al-Esh who-is-also Aleshut-Esha-Alessia, the highest and Paravant-Paraval-Pevesh-Perrethu, first of her kind, worthy of the majesty of killing-questing-healing; El-Estia Queen of ancienttimes; Aless sweet wife of Shor and of Auri-el and the Sacred Bull and of Hrol-from-the-lands-beyond-Twil, mother of Reman; Slave-Queen, High Priestess; Symbol of Covenant, Queen-ut-Cyrod.]The Main story line was kinda disapointing. But Sidequests Were AMAZING!]One of the all-time best!]The sense of freedom in Skyrim is dizzying. The vast mountains in every direction make the landscape seem limitless, and even after exploring it for days, this world feels huge and unknown on a scale neither of the previous two games did. If you have not been fortunate enough to have experienced a title of this caliber than I feel sorry for you. It has truly left its mark amongst the greatest of games I'v ever played along with its blockbuster predecessors. The content Bethesda delivered with this game is remarkable, but the potential is limitless with steam workshop. If you want to truly experience a AAA masterpiece, get this now! 98/100]So many things to do, endless activities and endless amount of mods to install and play around with, very well optimized and is one of the best games of all time, my play history doesn't show it all but I played a bunch of it on the PS3 before I switched to PC master race, 10/10 IGN :3]Super awesome game, best i have played on pc yet!!!!]With the mods like Frostfall and the various vampire tweaks this is the corner stone of RPG single player games. My only regret is that it is not a multiplayer experience. Cheers Bethesda]I'd highly recommend this game to anybody who's a fan of fantasy-themed games and RPG. This game has made it's mark as probably one of my favourite games. Every second of this game is zmazingly fun, right from the 'tutorial' to the defeat of the antagonist. The game has hours of gameplay from the main story, as well as countless more with the addition of doing whatever you want. The true beauty of this game though is you can play it how you want. Whether you prefer earning your wealth from acts of kindness or stealing it from the shadows, you can without breaking the game. Whether you prefer playing as the people's hero, the assassin of the shadows, or the greatest mage in all of Tamriel, you can do so. This game truely takes the 'Open World' genre and breaks it WIDE open. (pun intended) The story of the game is relatively simple really (I say, staring down into my encyclopedia of Skyrim lore) Dragons have returned to Skyrim through the arrival of Alduin "The World Eater" who is resurecting dragons all across Skyrim. On top of that, the Empire is now locked in a Civil War with the Stormcloak Rebellion, who believe that their Nodic way of life is at stake due to the Empire's outlaw on worshiping one of their Gods, and thatEmpire is crippling to the will of the Elves. (who in turn, beat the Empire in a previous war and now control them through the use of a "peace treaty") Fortunately, The Last Dragonborn has arrived, a man (or woman... or lizard) born with the soul of a dragon, who is capable of speaking the dragon's language, and therefore learning Dragon Shouts (or Thu'ums) a form of magic that mortals have to spend their entire lives mastering. Unfortunately, you're on your way to your own execution, and nearly take the axe to the face too. Fortunately, Alduin turns up and intervenes. To summarise, he basically destroys everything and you (somehow) manage to escape unharmed. TL;DR: You're the Dragonborn, a mortal with the soul of a dragon, who's freed by a dragon (unintentionaly) from your own execution, into a world where giant fire-breathing lizards are coming back to life to kill of man (and elf) kind, and the land is torn in half having to deal with a civil war. Got all that? Moving on... The DLC is pretty decent aswell. The Dawnguard DLC sees you fighting against a growing vampire menace with the Dawnguard, essentially Paladin-esque vampire slayers, or fight with the vampires, with Lord Harkon and becoming a Vampire Lord, a pure-blooded vampire capable of (a rather horrifying) transformation to severly increase your magical capabilities. Eventually, you find out the Harkon is unwilling to deviate from his plan; use a legendary bow, tipped with the blood of a pure-blooded vampire to black out the sun, FOREVER. Not as threatening as a dragon attenpting to kill off or enslave all mortals, but hey, at least Harkon is trying. TL;DR: You get to kill vampires, or become a more powerful version of the vanilla game's vampire, including a whole new transformation. The Dragonborn DLC sees you travelling back to Morrowind upon being attacked by cultists in Skyrim. Turns out there's another Dragonborn on Solstiem (an island off the coast of Morrowind), but he's not looking to make friends and has enslaved most of the islands population through the manipulation of dragons. What's even better is you can learn the same shout. That's right, who needs a horse when you can fly a f*ckin' dragon into battle! TL;DR: You get to go back to Morrowind and fight another Dragonborn who's using shouts to control dragons. Then we have The Hearthfire DLC... it's not as exiting as it sounds. All it does is allow you to buy a plot of land and build a house on it, instead of buying a pre-made house. The house you build can be expanded upon with a main hall and up to three seperate wings, wether they be a mage tower, an armory, a storage room, a kitchen, a trophy room, and the list goes on. THe interiors re also fully customisable, allowing you to place your own furniture, display cases, weapon racks, even armour mannequins. Nice DLC really, but not as good as the previous two. TL;DR: You're not just a murderer of men/dragons/whatever, but an interior designer aswell. And if there is something that doesn't quite suit you tastes, there's likely a mod for it. Don't like giant spiders? Turn them all into bears. Don't like bears? Turn them all into giant spiders! There's lots of mods that can be found on the Skyrim Nexus, with countless others available on other sites. Although this game does have Steam Workshop compatibility, I'd recommend against it if you wish for long term, reliable modding. These mods vary from simple weapon additions or re-skins, to complete overhauls of the game's systems. If you can name it, there's probably a mod for it. However, of course, no game is competely perfect. Unfortunately, this game is riddled with various bugs that may (emphasis on may) not break your game, but some just might, like removing essential characters, somehow loosing much-needed quest items by simpling having them in your inventory, or something else awful. This may seem unusual, but there are some bugs in the game that are actually beneficial to use, like glitching a quest to recieve both rewards from it, or leveling skills too damn high for your level through bug exploitation. Ever casted Soul Trap on a corpse over and over again? Go try it... I'll wait... ... You done? Good. Now delete that save and stop cheating. Thankfully, most if not all of these bugs are fixed with mods, most notably the Unofficial Skyrim Patches. (fun fact: it's the most downloaded/endorsed mod on the Skyrim Nexus) I'd highly recommend you get this patch mod, as well as the patches for the DLCs aswell (yep, even when doing something as simple as placing furniture in a house, Bethesda still can't keep it bug-free) Overall, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an extremely well crafted game that deserves to be part of the Elder Scrolls family, along side Oblivion, Morrowind, and those other two no-one really cares about.]Hours and hours of fun play with many quests and a world to explore. You have the freedom to choose your own path and focus on the skills you want to master. I am a fan of the sneaking and stealth attacks possilbe in this game.]The safe version of heroin. Addictive 12/10.]Skyrim is one of the best open world games you will find. There is almost endless possibilities... From becoming harbinger of a guild, to saving the world... Multiple times. If there is something you dislike... Well you can always get mods. 10/10]It's the best Fantasy-RPG ever made!!!]By the Gods.... this game is holy.]Chased by a giant and its mamoths for about 10 minutes 10/10]too many mods. not enough time.]i saw a dragoon, kinda hot. banged it sexde it and fukged it ggnore]A great open world game that many people will enjoy even without mods. But this is not a game for everyone and there will be a group that doesnt like it. But, i have put in over 200 hours (with another account) and encourage you to give it a try.]Todd Howard (director of this game) once said in a keynote that their philosophy in building a game is the final experience a player will have with the game. I think Bethesda hit the sweet spot with Skyrim. No other game will make you feel yourself a hero as Skyrim does. No other game will make you live a whole new life as you would in Skyrim. No other game will give you the level of freedom you can have in Skyrim. No other game looks as rich and vibrant graphically as Skyrim. And no other game bugs are as fun as they are in Skyrim! Some might debate whether Skyrim is indeed the greatest chapter of the Elder Scrolls saga, but I know one thing: I truly love this game and I enjoy playing it, if I had to choose one game only to play for the rest of my life it would be Skyrim, because there is so much you can do in this neverending adventure.]I recommend Skyrim for those who want an RPG with endless possibilities. Why because Modders never stops developing new mods everyday, every week. You can find mods that gives you new land and adventures, skin and other important aspect to improve your SKyrim from vanilla to actually new game, I can see this reason why Bethesda drops any updates for this game because, modders already got it better than what they had been created. So Finally, all I can say is this is a must-have game and you will never ever ever regret owning Skyrim.]Before you read anymore of this, know that I am in no way a role-playing person. I can never get into it enough to enjoy it like some people can. However, this game is one of the most fun RPGs I have ever played. I was my first Elder Scrolls game so it was a new experience for me. I had played Dragon Age: Origins and that was the only other RPG I had ever played. Dragon Age: Origins pales in comparison to this game. I tend to find the least productive use of my time in games like this and it was not only the least conducive to the main story line but also the most fun goof off time. I can't think of any other games in which you can ride around in circles on a horse and hit enemies with a war hammer while laughing hysterically at the fact that even though you are less than four feet from them, they still have a hard time hitting you. Unless it's a giant. Giants will slaughter you early on. DON'T TOUCH THE GIANTS!! But overall, I would give this game a 9/10. And my only reason for not giving it a perfect 10 is some of the features and graphics that wouldn't be a problem for the industry today are a bit off putting for me though some people more than likely won't care.]I really shouldn't have to explain to you why Skyrim is a good game... and I wont.]This game is so incredibly diverse and complex, there are so many things to do and so much content that it is amazing, you can literally spend thousands of hours playing this game and still be interested. Unfortunately, this is also its only downside. The game is so incredibly complex that you may quit because of the amount of effort and time you have to put in this game. Imagine being reborn in a new world that you know nothing about. That is Skyrim.]The fifth installment in my very favourite video game franchise. Video games in general I feel could stand to learn alot from the Elder Scrolls series. No game has an even remotely similar experience, such a richly detailed world. Go anywhere do whatever you want, that`s what makes the Elder Scrolls series the top franchise in gaming in mind. Granted there are lots of sandbox games out there but no one does it like Bethesda. Tons to do and all of it is optional. As far as Skyrim itself goes I feel it`s gameplay wise the finest achievment in Bethesda`s history. Personally The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind will probably always be my personal favourite I felt the story was just more engaging and the world more interesting. That said Skyrim is a beautiful place and the story is more engaging then The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion was. Combat has never been better the dragon shouts are exciting and useful, weapons are varied and the crafting system is deep and satisfying. One of my only gripes with Skyrim is I feel the magic got downplayed in this one, can`t create your own spells any more and many spells from previous games are just gone. Luckily Skyrim is heavily supported by the modding community and there is an abundance of great mods out there that add interesting new content to the game. If youhaven`t played it yet. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up.]This is an epic game if you like open world games this is your game.]Saw a giant Save game Got catapulted 1000 ft in the air by the giant Reload Repeat 10x]We're going to remove the payment feature from the Skyrim workshop. For anyone who spent money on a mod, we'll be refunding you the complete amount. We talked to the team at Bethesda and they agree. We've done this because it's clear we didn't understand exactly what we were doing. We've been shipping many features over the years aimed at allowing community creators to receive a share of the rewards, and in the past, they've been received well. It's obvious now that this case is different. To help you understand why we thought this was a good idea, our main goals were to allow mod makers the opportunity to work on their mods full time if they wanted to, and to encourage developers to provide better support to their mod communities. We thought this would result in better mods for everyone, both free & paid. We wanted more great mods becoming great products, like Dota, Counter-strike, DayZ, and Killing Floor, and we wanted that to happen organically for any mod maker who wanted to take a shot at it. But we underestimated the differences between our previously successful revenue sharing models, and the addition of paid mods to Skyrim's workshop. We understand our own game's communities pretty well, but stepping into an established, years old modding community in Skyrim was probably not the right place to start iterating. We think this made us miss the mark pretty badly, even though we believe there's a useful feature somewhere here. Now that you've backed a dump truck of feedback onto our inboxes, we'll be chewing through that, but if you have any further thoughts let us know. THE PEOPLE'S VOICES HAVE BEEN HEARD, NOW WE JUST NEED A DONATION OPTION FOR MODDERS TO GET 100% OF OUR SUPPORT TAKE MY UPVOTE AGAIN, SKYRIM U BEAUTIFUL MODDED TIME]Skyrim belongs to the Nords. Its contents belong to the Khajiit. 11/10 would steal everyone's  again]really really good game :D]11/10 would play again would rek alduin again would no scope bunnies again would accidentally kill lydia again would intentionally kill lydia again would shoot arrows in knees again words of wisdom: avoid arrows to knees]Download the game. Get yourself some mods. Kill all tha children. Reload. Best game of tha Year.]Ruined my Life 10/10]Enabled godmode. Equiped worst robes. Used worst spell. Killed a whole town. 10/10 would do again.]This game is addictive and very immersive, aslo the modding community is great nd i have lots of fun playing and exploring mods. 10/10]This game is so great. It just has a great sense of freedom and player choices. I think its a great game for anyone who wants to play. Its action-packed and ready to go. And for all of you disgusting perverts, there are even mods for those kinds of things. This game suits anyones needs and is so fun you'll find yourself attached to the screen for hours on end! Oh yeah and if you dont like this game you obviously dont have a good sense of adventure and I bet you took an arrow in the knee right after someone stole your sweet roll.]no matter how bored i get of it, i will get back on it. I get bored of it because i have played over 1000 hours of this freaking game. I would say that this is definately my favorite game of all time, and i recommend this game to all. You dont really even have to know the backstory, and it still will be fun! I think that everyone should play this game!]this game is the most fun game ever i own buy this game]It's like Skyrim with dragons.]Amazing game 10/10, best RPG out there, highly recommend if you love free roam RPG's.]I beat up a child, got a bounty put on me. I killed a beggar, got a bounty put on me. I killed a woman, got a bounty put on me. I killed a man, got a bounty put on me. I killed a chicken, got a bounty put on me. I stole a cabbage, got a bounty put on me. Got arrested; escaped. Got arrested again. Escaped, modded the game until it crashed. 100/10]I have no life now.]This has to be my favourite game of all time! I'd never played RPGs before this, so I didn't really know what to expect. All I knew is it was big, and that attracted me to it. I played this through to 100% on vanilla settings and I thought the graphics and scenery were awesome. Then I discovered the modding community. The amount of available mods is mind blowing, to the point you can create a world so beautiful youll never want to leave. 630+ hours on multiple play throughs and modding and I dont regret a minute of it. Buy this game. 11/10]10/10 > Killed a Dragon with my bare fists while Naked]It's an Elder Scrolls game. Moddable, with a great modding community that spans several organizations of modders and developers. Seriously it's almost like the world's next da vinchi is hiding somewhere in the TES modding community, silently crafting armor sets that look more natural in a museum than in Tamriel. Buy it, Mod it, Play it.]Awsome just buy it and don't ask any questions.]The only thing you can't do in this game is killing children. Hopefully, mods are here to help you to kill them. God I hate children ! But I love this game ! 10/10]This game is wonderful! It has awesome soundtrack, great story, and these graphics. These finishing hits and dragons are so epic. This game have hundreds of choices. You can be big hero or alchemy mage or maybe sneaky thief. Dragonborn and Dawnguard DLC make this an even better and I totally recommend Hearthfire DLC too. I have played this about 170h and I can see myself playing this hundreds of hours more. 10/10]My Life Begin in Skyrim Mod and DLC make Life better 10/10]Skyrim is cool.]Like Skyrim except it actually is Skyrim]Amazing I think everyone should own this game pure awsome]Awesome game! I've had it since launch and still play it for hours on end! Over 1k hours over all. For some reason using SKSE seems to interfere with my hours played, so only about 540 are recorded at the time of this review. I started off with vanilla for the first 400-450 hours. The rest were with mods. First the workshop mods, then lately nexus mods. This game was well worth paying $60 + cost of the DLC on released. I don't regret it at all! Get the Legendary Edition if you don't own Skyrim already. Well worth it!]Finally bought game in Steam, 10\10 guys, the game is really awesome]This game i can say is one of the best games i've ever played, it isn't perfect, but it is a lot of fun for boring times]This game is purely amazing, all of it. Its just like GTA, but in the medieval times! If you want a modding game, this should be your choice. This game is amazing to mod and is great even in Vanilla! Receiving this game for 5$, and also being my 2nd game, it is fun! I have at least more than 20 mods on it. From more followers to rebuilding Helgen, this game has a whole bunch of mods, both Steam Workshop and Skyrim Nexus. 10/10]One of the best open-world experiences out there. Skyrim is perfect for any player who prefers to create their own character and then to customize how they level up, the levelling system is near flawless giving you options between the more melee based heavier type of character, the warlock mage or the sneaky theif archer. Needless to say you can mix it up so for example a battle mage could be created who would be great at swordmanship and armour aswell as spell casting ability. The story is probably not as intriguing as Skyrims predecessor and sometimes can seem to be a questline you want to progress through just to get it of your quest journal. This been said the amount of side and miscellaneous quests which will either be pretty serious or great fun with humour more than make up for the lacking main story, to add upon this the amount of these quests are insane and will keep yo treking in efforts to find more. Graphically the game looks fabulous and if you are the player that likes to add some game enhancing graphic mods then this game is most definetley for you, mods are released constantly and really do make your game look better (not that it looked bad in the first place) The GUI works the same as all the other Elder Scrolls games and will come to no surpise for most players, the inventory and skill system has been managed amazingly making it easy to access things in battle. The AI has become slightly more evolved but still what you would expect from this sort of game. Overall I would rate this game 8.5/10 and would say that it definitely is one of the best RPG's I have ever played.]Bethesda        , ,   .       .     ,    .]Skyrim - A open world RPG So many dungeons --> Even until now i didnt visit all of them Endless quests Mods Many mods Loverslab. 11/10 would play again]Great Game]Best game ever !!! If you like RPG Adventure games this is a game for you. Really good story line and endless amout of quests and things to do, Hours of fun.]"Its like fallout with swords" wait wut?]Skyrim is the rpg you have allways wanted. No class systom, just make your own play style. Fun and awesome quest. Be a badass Dovakin dragon slayer.]Simply A Very Good Game.]I was made into a midget and was impaled by a spear thrown by other midgets that were blue. 10/10]This game is great in itself, but the real magic here is in the mods. Buy this game just for the mods. Graphic enhancements, immersive mods, gameplay-improving mods, and turning dragons into thomas the train is what this game is all about. The vanilla Skyrim is great too. Besides the wonky combat. Mods can fix that.]Like Skyrim with mods.]1.Killed Chicken 2.old lady attacked me 3.killed her 4. guards came at me 5.died 6.did it again 10000000000/10]Insane detail, great story with hundreds of choices.. and best of all, DRAGONS.]I frickin' love this game , this adrenaline , the story is amazing , so are the details and I like that the game works on Low-End PCs ;3]One of the most beautiful worlds to explore in a RPG.]dat lore tho]A great game by itself with hundreds of hours of content while looking beautiful. However, mods add hundreds more hours of content, new amazing looking armor, and dozens of new locations and activities with engaging quests. All of these mods can be found in the steam workshop and are free!! This game is a must own for all gamers.]If you have money and life, and you want to lose both, Skyrim is just for you!]so many sweet rolls <3]Listens to people. Awesome game in of itself.]Just shut your mouth and buy one of the best games ever made. 10/10]>Got about 14 mods to increase Dragon Spawn rate >Got mod for more monsters and new creatures >Left Whiterun to go to Giant Camp >SpiderZilla is killing all the giants >Dragon comes in and kills SpiderZilla >Dragon Family comes in and kills first Dragon >I kill dragon babies then parents >Game Crashes >Get to do it all over again 10/10]Your friends will miss you and your caffeine tolerance will get a big boost. No matter if you fight Giants, Dragons, Vampires, Werewolves & Zombies, mix potions, smith weapons or just take a walk in the breathtakingly beautiful (and huge!) world of Skyrim. You don't just play in that world, you live in it.]Best ing game ever thanks bethesda :D]The most amazing game I have ever played. If anything, the lihting is a bit off- I suggest modding it, from the Skyrim Nexus. I would recommend this game any day of the week, and week of the month, any month of the year.]Great game, Great graphics, Great Quest line]so many sweet rolls <3]Gameplay: It's classic TES Gameplay, search, explore, kill with swords, magic and bows or a mixture. Character builds are gone; just use the skill to level it up. Dragons are powerful and epic and combat is, again not the best but classic TES. There must be close to 1000 or in Todd's words infinity quests for the player to do, he right you know too :) Story: Predictable but gripping and fun all the way. The main story has gotten rid of tedious missions and left only the raw and great missions. That said though it still look me 26 hours to complete the main storyline over 3 days and im not even close to the surface of the game. Graphics: TES has not boasted about the graphics but on Ultra High i was admiring the detail in every nook and cranny of the game, characters look realistic, everything just look's amazing!. Easily in the top 5 best looking games ever. The game does suffer from a few bugs but a small price to pay. Almost picture perfect 9.8/10 :D - Dean "Buy this game, GOTY"]The BEST GAMEEEEE!!!!! EVER!! GOOD SOUNDTRACKS, QUESTS,.... JUST it is AWESOME!!! :3]This is just amazing the vastness of the world is is fantastic, i'm a big elder scrolls fan and this is the best!]BEST. GAME. EVER. (Bugs excluded)]The most amazing game I have ever played. If anything, the lihting is a bit off- I suggest modding it, from the Skyrim Nexus. I would recommend this game any day of the week, and week of the month, any month of the year.]Just shut your mouth and buy one of the best games ever made. 10/10]>Got about 14 mods to increase Dragon Spawn rate >Got mod for more monsters and new creatures >Left Whiterun to go to Giant Camp >SpiderZilla is killing all the giants >Dragon comes in and kills SpiderZilla >Dragon Family comes in and kills first Dragon >I kill dragon babies then parents >Game Crashes >Get to do it all over again 10/10]This is just amazing the vastness of the world is is fantastic, i'm a big elder scrolls fan and this is the best!]The BEST GAMEEEEE!!!!! EVER!! GOOD SOUNDTRACKS, QUESTS,.... JUST it is AWESOME!!! :3]BEST. GAME. EVER. (Bugs excluded)]When you think "waht is vidya gaem?". You think of skyrim. This is the essence of gaming as a whole in a tight  sexy body 20 gigabyte package. If you could suck a games , you'd stroke skyrims balls first, then skip the fellatio and then shove the shaft in your  and squeeze down. They get everything right in this masta piece: they got es, memes, guns, modern warfare, zombies, cremes, guns, open world, feeding, spicy stories, being afk. They have it ALL. If there was a complaint to be had it could only be that it triggered an era of gaming that copied this godlike formula and gave birth to games like Pacman, Half-Life, Last of Us, and even the renown Call of Counter-Strike. So next time you ask yourself to describe the best of gaming, just  on your keyboard, boot Skyrim, and install a bestiality mod. - 6/10]The first character i made for this game was the most effort i have ever put in any avatar of myself in a game. Draniros was the mightiest warrior in all of Tamriel. Legate of the Imperial Legion, slayer of Ulfric, thane of Whiterun and Solitude, Archmage of the College of Winterhold, Master and Nightingale of the Thieves Guild and Herald of the Companions. He was a vanquisher of Draug and Deadra, devourer of Dragon's souls and werewolf seducer of Serana. This character was the direct effort of 200 hours worth of effort and roleplaying. And then i decided to take a break and let my brother play the game and make his own character... I thought he would remember to use a separate save. I believed he would not forget such a simple thing. I was wrong. Draniros is no more. 200 hours of playtime, effort, dragon-slaying and dungeon clearing down the drain. I was devastaded. Heartbroken! It felt like i had lost a friend... *Lets out sorrowful sigh and creates new character* Best bereavement simulator on PC 10/10 would sink 200 hours in making a char and then lose it all over again!]wonderful game with great mods]Greatest game ever made. 2900+ hours into it, wish I had a time machine so I could start over and experience it from the beginning. Mods are fantastic, main quest is meh but side quests are incredible. More content than seems possible. I've become a true Elder Scrolls junky.]Greatest game ever.]Been playing this game since it came out, before i was even on steam. Still playing it 2015. Still want to play it some more. Still have those experiences where you start doing something in game and then look out the window to realize the sun is rising. Do not get this game if you don't want to mod it. Do not get this game if you don't want to be sucked into awesomeness and you require both sunlight and sleep. NOTE - If you are visually impared you can play this. There are alot of mods out there that will make playing this game really awesome, but it depends on what you are looking for. Have not actually checked out all the mods out there cos there are like thousands, but if you want to swap notes on vision impared friendly mods leave a comment.]You'll spend so much damn time modding it, and it will be glorious.]The next chapter in the highly anticipated Elder Scrolls saga arrives from the makers of the 2006 and 2008 Games of the Year, Bethesda Game Studios. Skyrim reimagines and revolutionizes the open-world fantasy epic, bringing to life a complete virtual world open for you to explore any way you choose. Play any type of character you can imagine, and do whatever you want; the legendary freedom of choice, storytelling, and adventure of The Elder Scrolls is realized like never before. Skyrims new game engine brings to life a complete virtual world with rolling clouds, rugged mountains, bustling cities, lush fields, and ancient dungeons. Choose from hundreds of weapons, spells, and abilities. The new character system allows you to play any way you want and define yourself through your actions. Battle ancient dragons like youve never seen. As Dragonborn, learn their secrets and harness their power for yourself.]It's a pretty solid game]do you like wizards 'n ? fancy yourself a master of wandering around everywhere? like to listen to idiots prattle on and on about some  or another? Then this is the game for you! Also: it has dragons... muthaing dragons, son!]Like Oblivion with Textures]I hate writing a review for this because it's hard to put all the sweet lovin into words. Also I wonder if writing a review for Skyrim has any sense - I get the feeling the only people who read these are fans already. So if you lived under a rock and have now found out about it and for some reason you're still unsure about playing this, then you're thinking too much and trust me, you'll love it. It's absolutely gorgeous. There's adventure behind every corner. There's a pack of wolves behind every third corner. You can eat cheese AND fight a dragon at the same time. You can do whatever the hell you want. Soundtrack is amazing and sentimental and draws you in even more. The obligatory "would play again": 10/10 Would go rafting on the White River again]Pancakes can't play this game, and he never will.]Like Fallout with Swords]Everyone knows this game is amazing, just jumping on the review bandwagon! If depth is what your looking for, in my current play through I have just hit level 39, whilst only completing 2 or 3 quests from the main story]This my friends, is definitely the must-play game on steam. Even now, nearly four years after the release I wish to go back to the 11.11.11 and just replay the game and experience it without knowing anything about it. You usually have reviews that give you facts and numbers to tell how good a game is, but what I want to express with my review is how the game touched me back then and how it formed my play-behaviour. The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim made me go insane about the entire franchise and its lore, because it was and still is such an immersive game. I cant stress it enough but only the fact that there is such an epic mod community makes me re-play the game over and over, and I cant wait for the two full conversions "Skywind" and "Enderal". Thank you Bethesda for making this piece of art, it truely changed the Game history, and Im looking forward for the next time I can dive into an Elder Scrolls game.]This is the kind of game where I will say: "Oh, I'll just play for a few minutes." and then stop when I realized that I should have gone to bed four hours ago. Magnificent game.]Definitely one of my favorite games that I've easily drained over 500+ hours into it combined over the 360 and then eventually the PC. It is easily modded to be one of the most graphically stunning and immersive games you can play without really needing to destroy your system and modding it is easily learned as well, especially if a friend helps. TL;DR buy this game's Legendary Edition. Overall the story is rather run of the mill for an Elder Scrolls game that treks you around the Nordic land of Skyrim. From the marshes of Morthol to the warmer forests of Falkreath and even to the top of a mountain, home to those that will be your teachers in the ways of the voice. As you go along you can acquire new dragon shouts of varying effectiveness and usefulness. Combat is also pretty run of the mill for an Elder Scrolls game but with a few good upgrades and a little simplifying unmodded. When modded it can be one of the best styles of gameplay. The way skills are handled are quite well done as well, though the attribute system has been removed to favor on the fly building rather than setting it at the beginning and no mind changing allowed. The DLC's are ok in my opinion, nothing of the same tier as Shivering Isles but well worth the slight extra cash for the experiences given and the more freedom to mod as many mods use assets from the DLC's. Even in 2015 the game can hold its own to more modern games and even that of the Witcher 3. Then again I am an Elder Scrolls fanboy. Hope to see many more people adventuring in this new land be it for the first time or a switch to the PC like me. Be sure to check the Nexus for mods and such.]-download explosive chickens mod -spawn one chicken in -accidently spawn a hundred chickens in -chickens collide and explode -realise headphones are on maximum volume 10/10 would destroy my ears again]its a very fun game that has a great story line and free rome capeabillitys. u can choose ur own path and do what u want (steal, muder, ect...). its supported by the workshop so u can get mods to help u or make the game more challangeing. this game is a fun rpg.]''Do you get to the Cloud District very often? What I am saying, of course you don't'' -- Nazeem I killed him. Was very therapeutic. 10/10 would therapy again]Kajit has wares if you have coin]After months of waiting to save up for a new computer, the time came. I was able to play whatever I wanted, with no concerns, especially with graphics, I was ready to sink my teeth into Skyrim. The first major game I played on here was The Elder Scrolls: Oblivion, which instantly became my go to favourite game. I can't compare the two, as Oblivion was released many years ago, but their similarities are very close. The nature and landmarks of Skyrim are absolutely breathtaking, and being able to see it clearly is spectacular. The music is fantastic as usual, as I really feel like I am there. I love that there is a lot more wild animals in Skyrim, as well as mythical creatures. In terms of combat, it feels a lot more smoother than Oblivion. Of course I was excited to join The Dark Brotherhood, because I was able to reunite with Shadowmere again, yesssss. The only thing I would of liked to have remained the same, although the conversations with people are a lot better, I would of hoped to have had the subtitles at the bottom, so I could memorize what they are saying a lot more. Edit: Just found out that you can. I haven't encountered many bugs, I believe my first one was last night, when my prey ended up floating into the sky. I had a brief moment of amusement until it was fixed. I haven't added any mods, I don't think I will do, but when I play Skyrim from the beginning again, I most likely will. If you enjoyed Oblivion, or even Morrowind, you will definitely enjoy Skyrim.]It's not just a game...]Words can't explain how expansive and time-consuming this game is. With all kinds of side quests, you'll probably end up finishing the main quest last. Don't hesitate. Just buy it already.]Killed a chicken Entirety of Skyrim attacked me 11/10 would kill again]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing game! I usually don't play single player games, but this is an outstanding game. Buy it, you won't regret it.]Escapist fantasy at its best. If you want a strong story or linear gameplay go elsewhere. However, if you want a game where you can do just about anything (and with the robust modding community you can remove the about) this is it.]Its Skyrim dammit. Of course its good.]Brilliant game, fun, challenging and has lots of hours of gameplay to keep you entertained. I definitely suggest you pick up this game.]Any game that allows you to go around as spiderman with Majora's mask and a keyblade is a must buy in my book, as is this for that exact reason. DO YOU GET MY MEANING YET?!]I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow in the knee... So here I am, sit tight and play Skyrim]After reaching 100% on PS3, I couldn't help but re-replay this game on PC. Even more beautiful and immersive. Will always be one of my favourites. <3]This is the game the never, ever ends. I picked this game up thinking I wouldn't like it having never played a previous TES game before. Sat in my Library untouched for about a month or two, and finally took the plunge. I was wrong. I was so very, very wrong. This is probably the best purchase I've ever made on steam. Add in the unlimited potential of modding, and it's an adventure that continues forever. I've probably restarted over a hundred times by now with a new character, and still only have beaten Alduin once. ONCE. There's still so much more do to and explore that I'm still discovering quests and areas and little hidden things. I still can't believe how much there is to do and I'm still finding more. At it stands I'll probably wake up one day having lost all touch with reality and actually start seeing the world as Skyrim with how much I've played. And I'm totally ok with that.]Ruined my life. Five stars.]I was stacking books on a shelf in my house in Whiterun, one of Skyrim's major cities, when I noticed a weapon rack right beside it. I set a sacrificial dagger in one slot, an Orcish mace in the other. They were on display for nobody but me and my computer-controlled housecarl, Lydia, who sat at a table patiently waiting for me to ask her to go questing. The chest upstairs was reserved for excess weapons and armor, the bedside table for smithing ingots and ores, the one next to the Alchemy table for ingredients. I'd meticulously organized my owned virtual property not because I had to, but because tending to the minutia of domestic life is a comforting break from dealing with screaming frost trolls, dragons, a civil war, and job assignments that never seem to go as planned. It's even a sensible thing to do; a seemingly natural component of every day existence in Skyrim, one of the most fully-realized, easily enjoyable, and utterly engrossing role-playing games ever made. Part of what makes it so enjoyable has to do with how legacy Elder Scrolls clutter has been condensed and in some cases eliminated. In Skyrim, there's no more moon-hopping between hilltops with a maxed out Acrobatics skill. That's gone, so is Athletics. The Elder Scrolls V pares down the amount of skills and cuts out attributes like Endurance and Intelligence altogether. There's no time wasted on the character creation screen agonizing over which skills to assign as major. You don't assign major and minor skills at all, but instead pick one of ten races, each with a specific bonus. High Elves can once a day regenerate magicka quickly, Orcs can enter a berserk rage for more effective close-range combat. These abilities are best paired with certain character builds  the High Elf regeneration is useful for a magic user  but don't represent a rigid class choice. Major decisions don't need to be made until you're already out in the world and can try out magic, sneaking and weapon combat, emphasizing first-hand experience over instruction manual study, letting you specialize only when you're ready. It contributes to the thrilling sense of freedom associated with life in Skyrim. Do a quest, kill a dragon, snatch torchbugs from the air, munch on butterfly wings or simply wander while listening to one of the best game soundtracks in recent memory. Despite the enormity of the world and the colossal amount of content contained within, little feels random and useless. Even chewing on a butterfly wing has purpose, as it reveals one of several alchemical parameters later useful in potion making at an alchemy table. Mined ore and scraps of metal from Dwemer ruins can be smelted into ingots and fashioned into armor sets, pelts lifted from slain wildlife can be turned into leather armor sets, and random books plucked from ancient ruins can trigger hidden quest lines that lead to valuable rewards. Skyrim's land mass is absolutely stuffed with content and curiosities, making every step you take, even if it's through what seems like total wilderness, an exciting one, as something unexpected often lies just over the next ridge. Many times the unexpected takes the form of a dragon. Sometimes they're purposefully placed to guard relics, sometimes they swoop over cities and attack at seemingly random times. In the middle of a fight against a camp of bandits a dragon might strike, screaming through the sky and searing foe and friendly alike with frost or flame. Momentarily all on the battlefield unite, directing arrows and magic blasts upward to knock down the creature, creating impromptu moments of camaraderie -- a surprising change from what may have been yet another by-the-numbers bandit camp sweep. Dragons show up often, their presence announced by an ominous flap of broad wings or an otherworldly scream from high above. The scale and startling detail built into each creature's appearance and animations as it circles, stops to attack, circles again and slams to the ground makes encounters thrilling, though their predictable attack patterns lessen the excitement after a few battles. In the long run they're far less irritating than the Oblivion gate equivalent from The Elder Scrolls IV, can be completed in a few minutes, and always offer a useful reward. Killing a dragon yields a soul, which powers Skyrim's new Shout system. These are magical abilities any character can use, you don't have to specialize in spell casting to slow time, throw your voice, change the weather, call in allies, blast out ice and fire, or knock back enemies with a rolling wave of pure force. Even if you favor sword, shield and heavy armor and ignore magic entirely, you'll still be able to take full advantage of these abilities provided you find the proper words  each Shout has three  hidden on Skyrim's high snowy peaks and in the depths of forgotten dungeons, serving as another reason to continue exploring long after you've exhausted the main quest story, joined with the Thieves Guild, fought alongside the Dark Brotherhood, or thrown your support behind one of the factions vying for control of Skyrim. Not only is this land under assault by dragons, long thought to be dead, it's also ripped in two by civil war. You can choose one side or the other, but so much of the allure of Skyrim is how, even outside of the confines of quest lines, the embattled state of the world is evident, and steeped in a rich fictional legacy. Lord of the Rings this is not, but with the release of every Elder Scrolls game, the fiction becomes denser, and the cross-referencing for long-time fans all the more rewarding. Skyrim's residents are all aware of current events. They'll comment on the civil war, some sympathizing with the rebels, others thinking the establishment sold its soul. The peasants complain about the Jarls who control each settlement, the Jarls complain about the rebels or foreign policy, the overprotective College librarian complains when I drop dragon scales all over his floor; many characters feel like whole, distinct personalities instead of vacuous nothings that hand out quests like a downtown greeter hands out flyers for discount jeans. Characters stereotype based on race, they double-cross at even the slightest hint it might be profitable, and they react to your evolving stature within the world. It makes a ridiculous realm, filled with computer-controlled cat people and humanoid reptiles, demon gods and dragons, feel authentic, like a world that existed long before you showed up and will continue to exist long after you leave.]THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM Sit through a cutscene! Get bored! Pick your race! Pick your face! Pick your nose! Be a lizard! Lizards are cool! Almost get executed! Be scared of a dragon! Get some armor! Get some weapons! Run in circles! Climb a mountain! Learn how to yell at people from some old dudes! Yell at things! Do a bunch of quests! Gather more quests you'll never do! Accidentally become leader of a guild of thieves! Go to college! Inherit the college! Get some spells! Do magic! Run out of magic juice! Run around some more! Run out of stamina! Fight dragons! Take their souls! Use the souls to get more ways to yell at people! Level up! Improve your skills! Make some cool armor! Make some cool weapons! Enchant that cool armor and weapons! Run out of enchanting juice! Yell at stuff some more! Steal a plate! Run from the law! Steal a horse! Fail to protect that horse! Go on foot because your horse is dead! Get caught! Run out of health! Die! Respawn where you were twenty minutes ago because you forgot to save! Rage quit! Come back! Decide to actually do the main quest line! Consume copious amounts of food mid-battle! Climb a mountain by yelling at clouds like the old dudes taught you to! Meet a good dragon! Learn how to yell at things from him! Go through a bunch of stuff to get a scroll! Read that scroll! Go back in time! Learn to yell at things from people in the past! Fight a bad dragon! Realize it isn't the final boss and that you didn't kill him! Stop doing quests! Buy a house! Buy stuff for your house! Run around avoiding the main quest line! Gather boatloads of gold! Not use any of it! Mod the game to oblivion! Realize that you've somehow already sank 50+ hours into it! Realize you're addicted! Keep playing anyway! 10/10]Best game I ever bought. In this game, you'll be sent back to the times where people fought with swords and bows. A brilliant setting, if you ask me. The game lets you do whatever you want. You can customize your character to your own style, own personal favorite race, and you'll be able to fight any style you want. Do you want to play the sneaky Elf archer, with the bow? No problem. Do you want to play the sneaky Kahjiit thief, with the daggers? No problem! Do you dislike weapons and love to use magic? No problem, there's even lots of different spells, either Destruction or Illusion, maybe Necromancy is more your style? Being a healer is no problem either! You can make your own weapons by Smithing, you can make your own potions by gathering ingredients and mixing them into a potion with Alchemy, you can upgrade your weapons by using Enchanting, there's so much to do! Want to settle down after some adventures? Get to a town and drink mead at the inn, or purchase a house or a piece of land to build a house, with self-found materials, or maybe bought materials? Whatever you want. There are so many different playtroughs, so much quests to play, heck, I've played this over 275 hours and I still haven't completed all the quests! I completely recommend this game. I bought it at the releasedate, 11-11-11 and I'm still not done with it. Did I mention the Steam Workshop? Millions of mods to download, without any fee! Enjoy!]Playing Skyrim is like masturbating. Feels good doing it but later you regret it. And then you keep on doing it. 10/10]Day 1: This game sure looks nice, there's just....so much to do. I mean, the map's all over, they expect me to actually walk to each place, there's barely any quest markers, I don't know where the hell...Screw it, I'm going to walk in that direction and see what I find. Day 5: Hey, this game's starting to flow a bit now. The quest system is starting to make sense. It's kind of fun to wander about and explore these random caves and what not. Plus, my toon looks pretty cool with this helmet with the big horns sticking out. Day 10: I'm uh...I'm not sure, but I think my wife may be angry with me. I told her I was going to go play some more Skyrim, she said 'fine, whatever I'm going to be." Hope I'm not spending too much time with the game! I can't help it though, now that I figure out how the quests and exploration works, it all feels pretty good. I think I'm going to play with some graphics mods, that realism mod sounded kind of cool. Day 15: How in the hell do I have 110 hours played in this game already? That can't be right! I didn't think I was playing THAT much. Then again...I haven't seen my wife and kid for a few days now that I think about it. I uh...maybe I should go check on that, make sure they're okay. I'll go just as soon as I'm done forging these iron daggers. Day 20: My new wife Lydia becons me back to to Breezehome, I've been gone so long. The Dragon of North Summit is no longer, so it is time to return. I feel sorrow for leaving her and the children alone as the war with the Stormcloaks rages on around us, but I am Dragon Born and I have a duty to keep Tamriel safe from the scaled death that soars high in our snowy skies! Day 50: I was once an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the knee.]At first you are like this games fun, then you are like woah there are mods and then you don't stop the mods and then the next thing you know you are playing as a giant with a strap-on fighting thomas the tank engine]If I could, I would take this game out, buy it dinner, have sex with it and call it the next day. Then we would start going out regularly, we would fall in love eventually. We would become the couple that has their own inside jokes and are always teasing each other and everyone else would be jealous of us. We would get married and have a child (Fallout New Vegas, the second best game ever). We would grow old together, on my death bed as I lie there about to draw my last breath, TES: Skyrim looks at me with tears in it's eyes "Thank you for everything, you were always so good to me" and I would take TES: Skyrims hand, look it in the eye and say "No, thank YOU" then pass away.]It's like Skyrim without guns.]It is a great game!..... I love it and one that every RPG fan should go and own immediately.]It does not feel as good as Morrowind back in the day, but surely takes place as one of the most amazing single player rpgs with open world.]I put a bag on someone's head and stole everything.]Skyrim is not a game, Skyrim is another life]byoutiful]One of the BEST games I have ever played, very addicting]LET ME GUESS, SOMEONE STOLE YOUR SWEETROLL?]What the]would bang]This game is awesome.]RPG of the Decade, tons to do, smooth gameplay, lots of character building options, easy to get swept away in Skyrim for 100's of hrs.]Brilliant game, fun, challenging and has lots of hours of gameplay to keep you entertained. I definitely suggest you pick up this game.]The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an amazing game! I usually don't play single player games, but this is an outstanding game. Buy it, you won't regret it.]Any game that allows you to go around as spiderman with Majora's mask and a keyblade is a must buy in my book, as is this for that exact reason. DO YOU GET MY MEANING YET?!]Its Skyrim dammit. Of course its good.]I have spent over 100 hours collecting flowers in skyrim. There are many different kinds of flowers, like red flowers and also blue flowers. You can also pick things that aren't flowers, but are sort of like flowers, like mushrooms.]I've played 20 hours and haven't even scratched the surface of what I can do. I beat the main quest line and the College of Winterborn quest line and there is still so much to do. Even on medium-high settings this game looks stunning (unless you look at the textures too closely). The gameplay is great and I can't wait to keep playing, finish more quest lines. This game is virtually never ending and it's definitely worth the $29.99 asking price. I got it during the summer sale for $14.99 and if you wait for the next sale, it will be $7.49 and it is an absolute steal at that price. Strongly recommended.]Absolutely amazing i have never found any other game with such detail and depth. i sometimes feel the size of the game is a little overwelming but as if thats a bad thing. slaughter everything!!!!!!! 10/10]I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow in the knee... So here I am, sit tight and play Skyrim]*VERY LONG READ* This is the best fantasy, action, open-world rpg anyone could ask for. Btw I probably have over 400 hours because I used to play it a lot on my ps3. So many different mechanics to it- smithing, (crafting) alchemy, lockpicking, enchanting. Not to mention that it has playstyles for any player. Agressive players can use heavy armor and two-handed weapons. Players who want to be quick and agile can use light armor, one-handed weapons and a shield. Or if they want to be sneaky they can use light armor and a bow and arrow. It also has magic for people who prefer not to use man-made weapons. For attacking a person can use destruction magic, (magic that involves frost, fire, or shock) or they can summon helpers with conjuration, and boost health or upgrade armor rating by using the other three areas of magic the game offers: restoration, illusion, and alteration. If you prefer to be somewhere in the middle of how you play, (magic and combat) you can easily become a spellsword. Combine forces with a bow and arrow and conjuration- or just become a warrior that can restore health by magic means with restoration. The combinations of playstyles are literally endless. And, like a perfect open-world game should, there is not just one storyline. Sure, you have the main storyline- every game needs that. But there are various storylines beyond that- ones that have you assisting the people of skyrim- other storylines do the opposite. You can even get married, adopt children, and buy multiple homes. The graphics are amazing already, so no one has to worry about bad graphics. But even if you don't like the graphics, there are MODS to make it better. Just go look at some of the damn screenshots in the community and you'll see that the graphics are amazing. Skyrim is completely moddable. Mods found on the steam workshop and nexus are easily installed. There are endless possibilities as to how you want to mod your game. If you want an extra storyline, install a mod! (The most famous mod of that category being Falskaar.) If you want weapon packs, install a mod! If you want new NPCs, install a mod! If you want new buildings, install a mod! And if you want to make your own mod, go right ahead and do it! On top of the already great game, the view is spectacular. Sometimes you just have to sit back, relax, and enjoy the scenery the Elder Scrolls V: Skryim has to offer. The player can also commit crimes and go to jail! Possible crimes include pickpocketing, breaking into a house and stealing the stuff in the house, forging business ledgers, assault, murder, tresspassing, and running up to the execution block when the player first enters the city of Solitude will also get them arrested. And don't think that the crimes are pointless because you would just end up in jail for them- the player can do it so it is not seen, and also get perks to get away with crimes more easily. And if they don't want to go to jail... they can slaughter an entire town. Every person you kill can be looted, along with every creature. And they stay there dead in the same spot forever. They don't disappear. Small immersive actions are available in the game as well. For example, any chair can be sat in, you can sit at bars and drink, rent out a room from an inn for a day, eat food, and sleep. There is even a quest that allows the player to get drunk- and also mods that allow the player to get drunk from any drinking instance. (Well what about if I finish the game?) Finsihed all the storylines? There are countless side quests and other objectives you can do. Finish all those? Oh wait you can't do that- the miscellaneous objectives are LITERALLY ENDLESS. I'm serious. The game will keep giving you objectives as long as you keep doing them. To justify the last paragraph, a while ago I started a third playthrough of the game, and found two entire questlines that I didn't know existed and had never encountered before. I looked the both up on a wiki and they were both there, just to confirm that they weren't mods. And to go over skill tree there is: Two-Handed: The player learns how to use two-handed weapons (which can be either a greatsword, battleaxe, or warhammer) more effectively. That includes the ability to do more damage, break blocks easier, and unlock effects of the power attacks. One-Handed: The player learns how to use one-handed weapons (which can be either a sword, waraxe, or mace) more effectively. Increase damage of one handed weapons, learn the art of dual-wielding one-handed weapons, and unlock different kinds of power attacks. Heavy Armor: The player learns how to use heavy armor more effectively. Take less damage from physical attacks, (which means attacks other than magical attacks) make it so heavy armor does not weigh as much, heavy armor depletes less stamina while sprinting, make less noise with heavy armor, and learn the way of punching oppenents to death. <---- Yes, I'm serious about that one. Light Armor: The player learns how to use light armor more effectively. Take less damage from physical attacks, make it so light armor does not weigh as much, and pretty much every other kind of thing you can learn from heavy armor. Except you can't learn how to punch oppenents to death with light armor. Block: A self-explanatory skill tree- block more effectively with shields. As an added bonus, the player can cause their opponents to bleed if they use the shield bash. Archery: Use the bow more effectively in combat. Do more damage, slow down time when you draw an arrow, cause paralysis with your arrows occasionally, get critical hits from arrows more often, and make critical hits even more effective than they already are. Smithing: Smithing is one branch of three skill trees that involve crafting. Smithing focuses on being able to craft all sorts of armor and weapons, and being able to improve them better. Enchanting: Also a branch of crafting. Enchanting allows the player to enchant weapons and armor more effectively, and once the player is advanced enough at enchanting, they can put two effects on one item instead of only one effect. Alchemy: The final branch of crafting. Alchemy allows the player to create very effective potions or poisons available for use in combat. Sneak: The player can get out of any npc's sight easier, do more damage with sneak attacks, learn to execute silent forward rolls while sneaking, and if the player gets amazingly good at sneaking, they are then able to start sneaking in the middle of battle, but instead of it being pointless the enemies would actually lose sight of the player. Lockpicking: The player learns to pick locks easier and do it without being seen. Nothing else to say here. Pickpocketing: The player learns to pick pockets and get away with it more frequently, and also becomes able to pick a greater variety of items from the unsuspecting npc's pockets. *I know, this already seems like a lot of skill trees, but there are still all the magic skill trees.* LOL ILLusion: The player learns to be able to alter how an npc is thinking. For example, in the middle of battle, the player can learn to cast spells that calms enemies down temporarily, stopping combat and enabling the player to run away before the enemies go back to normal. The opposite can also be done, as in the player can use illusion magic to make their enemies angry at EVERYBODY. For example, if the player casted a spell of that kind on a bandit, that bandit will start attacking their fellow bandits, thus leaving the player with less enemies to fight. Restoration: The player learns to be able to heal or support themselves better via magic. There is really not anything else to say about this skill tree. I would go on about destruction, alteration, and conjuration, but I literally ran out of characters LOL so just believe me, and buy the god damn game! :D Perfect 10/10.]i love this game. Days of fun.]Have you guys ever heard of this game? It's called Skyrim and it's pretty underground.]Play it now!]great game 9/10]What are you doing in the comments? All you have to do is press "Purchase"]What are you doing in the comments? All you have to do is press "Purchase"]Best game? Best game. nonumberishighenoughforthisgame/potato]This RPG adventure takes place many many seasons after the Oblivion crisis. As in Oblivion youll start off finding yourself captured as prisoner for crimes you know not. Since its initial release Skyrim was upgraded with DLC to expand the adventure. Youll play as legendary Dragonborn. A unique character with the power to take Dragons Souls and use the Powers of Shouts. Youll venture thru hunting down an Ancient dragon hell-bent on destroying all Tamriel, Alduin. Here youll join a faction called the Stormcloaks or the Imperials for the pending battle over Skyrim liberation or control. Along the way youll meet and or join up with The Dark Brotherhood, The Thieves or Mages Guild. Depending on what faction youll join determines storyline and character development. A very large range of weapons, spells and potions as well as animals, creatures and characters. Skyrim explodes in a vast amount of content that will keep you entertained for a long long time.]This is one of the greatest games in the world! This game is a masterpiece]This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. 10/10]Very Good Game :)]Most amazing game ever. Total immersion.]The plot is dragons. The graphics are okay. The quests are mostly bad but there's some good moments. Dragons try to roast you but if you kill them, you get their souls to give you magic. It's basically a dragon serial killer simulator. Also, everyone who plays it wants their character to be a naked woman, unless they're a lady, then they want their character to be a naked man, I guess. Again, dragon serial killer simulator. You hunt these guys down, avoid getting turned into a Dovahkiin sandwich, and steal their souls. Their freaking souls. That's more badass than the Grim Reaper riding a motorcycle made of dead people into the sun while being chased by bears riding fighter jets. The quests may not be good, but there's a lot of them, and most give you gold and weapons. Gold and weapons = fun. I greatly enjoy smashing bandit faces in with a warhammer, battleaxe, greatsword, sword, mace, waraxe, dagger, or bow. Not sure how you smash faces with a bow. Do it anyway. You're a dragon serial killer. You can do whatever you want. Heck, get a weapons mod and smash their faces in with even more stuff. The maul and halberd are particularly pleasing. It's even better if you get the DLCs, Vampire Simulator DLC and Mushroom Land DLC. They add stuff (weapons) that's fun (good for smashing faces), and let you steal more souls (murder more innocent dragons). Dragon serial killer, remember? Hell, Mushroom Land DLC adds ANOTHER Dovahkiin, for more soul stealing badassery. Imagine the Grim Reaper sun-motorcycle thing, times two! There's also another DLC, Family Life Fun Time Simulator, which adds children and house building, but no stuff that's fun like giant death hammers for crushing the faces of your enemies. Buy this. It's good. 8/10]This and the other Elder Scrolls games are my most favorite RPG games Skyrim has more thing to do and more things discover fighting Dragons is also a lot of fun this game is even more fun when you get the DLC's for it Hearthfire isn't that bad if you like to settle down and have a nice home that you built from scratch you can put all kinds of your own things in it the Dawnguard DLC has a pretty good story line with a good amount of new content such as crossbows and fighting while riding horse back you can also be a wicked Vampire lord but don't forget about playing as a Dawnguard cause thay have some pretty awesome things of there own the Dragonborn DLC i have just started playing and so far there is a LOT more stuff in it than Dawnguard you can tame Dragons go to a island that is a part of Marrowind fight all kinds of new things and find all kinds of new treasures the story line in it is pretty interesting but over all this whole game is a masterful creation!]Like Skyrim with Skyrim]Great game]This is the undisputed king of single player RPGs. Its insane how much content the developers packed in this game ad how much fun it is to play and explore the huge world. If you are in search of a game where you can spend hundreds of hours and still run into stuff you havent seen or done look no further. If you enjoy fantasy RPGs this is a no brainer. Go get it, its worth every penny.]One of the best game that I've ever seen!]Like FarCry 3 with swords.]Worthy addition to the series. Oblivion was a letdown and Skyrim returns to Morrowinds unique feel and personality, though it can not fully match it. Skyrim is still a must play for Elder Scrolls fan and any player who enjoys adventure and exploration. The game becomes phenomenal with mods, you can feel and live through every moment, every battle and encounter. Best way to play skyrim is to roleplay your character, commit to its personality and view the world through its eyes. You can really fire up your imagination, break free of scripted dialogues and storyline and live through your own story and adventures. This will open up whole new way for you to play and enjoy games, no longer a mindless consumer addicted to snippets of pre-writen script pieces, you can forge your own story with every step you make. Better yet, start a journal or video series describing and documenting your adventures, get off your read only stasis and start being creative. Open world, Sandbox, Free adventuring are endless fun and possibilities. Stop being silly puppet unable to think something fun up without explicit designer instructions, would you kindly? For mods you can check this great thread. http://gameover.ge/index.php?showtopic=2220]It's like Far Cry with swords.]It's like Fallout with swords.]Just bought and enjoy this Game ing awsome]I love Bethesda. Skyrim was amazing. So much to do. Does get a little boring if your already use to the mechanics of the game. If it's your first time playing a game made by Bethesda, this will no doubt be a wise use of your limited funds to add to your library. I highly reccomend this game to anybody. 10/10]Escapist fantasy at its best. If you want a strong story or linear gameplay go elsewhere. However, if you want a game where you can do just about anything (and with the robust modding community you can remove the about) this is it.]Is a fun rp game. it has some bugs but don't let that down. you can make your owne player and have fun at the same time. go and get it.]Skyrim. One of the best game that i ever played. Also so beuatiful and very epic in every way. There is so much to do, so much to find and so much possibilitys. I can't to do more than recommended. Just buy and play!]This Game is Probaly the best game EVER! Its filled with possibiletys and fun! you should buy it]the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]One of the games with the most potential, but falls short unless you mod it up to its teeth. The original game is pretty basic, terrible combat system, weird plot, boring dungeon design but then has this amazingly crafted world. Thankfull you can mod this game, and the mods make it one of the best RPGS on the market.]Seriously.... Get this game right Now! ~10/10]You have to save magical Norway from dragons! Be sure to be on the look out for: fantasy racism! only one ultimate version of every weapon and armor type! morally gray! the token beast race of every quest betraying you! nobody caring that you killed the evil dragon, saved the sun from the vampire king, and killed the first dragonborn before he could take over some small island nobody cares about! taking over all of the guilds despite your related skills being low! 9 holds, each more morally gray than the last! nazi elves! ancient machines that still work and look freshly polished! lit torches in tombs undisturbed for thousands of years! the space core from portal 2! flying mammoths! Also dont forget: bethesda messed up the marriage system so everyone in skyrim is bisexual, even though they refer to you as if you are the opposite gender.]Does this even need a review? Get it!]this is game is great]This game is like Bioshock with choices, with swords instead of guns and that takes place in midevil fantasy world. Take it from someone who doesn't play RPG's, this game is amazing. I know that isn't anything new. This game is well known to be great but my point is, I avoided it for years because of the RPG element and I regret that decision now. I don't blame myself though, I blame anyone who didn't describe the game to properly. That's right, you know who you are. The atmosphere is amazing. The combat is amazing. Graphically stellar. Challenging, fun, and exciting at times. You can play it at your own speed. Look, I'm not saying anything new here, but if you enjoy FPS's like Dishonored, Far Cry games, Bioshock, Half Life 2, hell even Doom and Quake, like me, then it's time to get this game. Don't let the "RPG" scare you away any longer like it did for me.]more than your average dragon porn simulator, needs more  though.]Such an awesome game. The mods are awesome. Can't stop playing it]An amazing game that has a lot of potential]I found a sweetroll, until I got an arrow to the knee.]Playing Skyrim is like eating brownies or beating children... You can't stop.]shouted a goat off of a mountain 10/10 would shout at goats again]A lot of Steam users are flooding Skyrim, which is genuinely an incredible - albeit imperfect - game with negative reviews because they understand a new policy allowing mod creators to charge for their content. My doctor told me that my diet was insufficient in salt. Premium mods cannot possibly detriment the hours of enjoyment, on both the PC and the PS3 edition, that I have recieved from this game. Any bleating otherwise is for petulant children who hate video games. I look forward to Bethesda's next installment of the TES franchise.]True to all Elder Scrolls games, Skyrim takes you from muddled and shady beginnings to become a mighty hero of legend by completing tasks both epic and tirvial alike. Slay dragons, vampires, werevolves, legions of soldiers and bandits, delve into deep dungeons and climb the highest mountains. Collect stuff, store it in random barrels and boxes. Collect more stuff, build a huge rustic mansion with it, then spend a week in game moving all yourt stuff from random barrels and boxes into barrels and boxes in your new house. Find a cook/piggy bank to live with you (they call it marriage for some reason), adopt a dirty kid, and proceed to neglect them both as you go out an slay more dragons and punch a mudcrab. I honestly cringe to think of how much time I waste in this game not even really playing it and just dealing with my collection of...stuff. Most of which I never use. I'm a digital hoarder for no apparent reason considering in the real world I have zero inclination to collect anything whatsoever. So there's that: this game develops latent psychological disorders, but only when you are playing the game. Anyway, this is your typical TES game fare. Combat and levelling is much improved over previous titles, but is still nothing amazing. The leveled loot and creatures system is arguably better than Oblivion's, but still manages to reduce the fun factor in my opinion. Honestly, if everything is roughly the same proportionate strength relative to me throughout the entire process, I never get the sense of making any real progress. Plus, leveled loot just sucks in general. I go through the process of attaining a legendary artifact of the gods at a relatively low level, and so I'm punished for such a feat in that the item is in a diminished state that never improves. Boo to that. There is always plenty of stuff to do, though. The main quest and side "civil war" quests are lacking in the epic department (mostly out of presentation), so the real fun comes from making your own story. As always, characters suffer from what I like to call "Bethesda Face," wherein the emotions conveyed visually hardly match the voice acting, usually to a comical effect because it's like witnessing wax museum characters acting. They try, but it always falls short. Voice acting is decent, but lacks variety (in number of voices, that is). Graphics are equally decent, but can easily be made great by mods. Speaking of, just about anything wrong with the game can be remedied by mods. A lot can be said about Bethesda (mostly negative, in my mind), but if anything they do a great job supporting the modding community. As such, every time they release an unpolished and usually unfinished game, you can be sure eventually the userbase will turn it into something pretty awesome. So, as always, you do a vanilla run just to see what it's all about, then use the community to play a game that is worthwhile and never look back to the retail version. I have a bit of a love/hate (mostly hate) relationship with Bethesda, but TES always keeps me coming back for hundreds of hours of my life because at the very least the lore is fantastic, and the sandbox type approach to the world lets me make my own fun. If that's not an endorsement, I don't know what is. tl;dr: Boo Bethesda. Yay Elder Scrolls with dragons. Huzzah mods. Punch a mudcrab.]This is the most in-depth game i've ever played for 2 hours straight. So many workshop mods, in game items, quests and dungeons; it's almost impossible to put down!]This is the most in-depth game i've ever played for 2 hours straight. So many workshop mods, in game items, quests and dungeons; it's almost impossible to put down!]the best RPG game I have ever played.]This is the best game I've ever played in my entire life.]Draugrs: The Game]The game is great! I like it. DEM DRAGONS U MAD BRO ?]Skyrim is fun game... I put in a lot of hours, I did everything , I had a great time. But listen, we need to talk. There's an alarming amount of bad and bittersweet in this game. The world is larger and more realized than in previous games, and obviously the graphics are a lot more detailed, but the stat game is a watered down wreck where making and leveling a character lacks depth and decision and all of that great stuff we saw in Oblivion and Morrowind. Even the questlines are simplified, with less choices in dialog, and with boring and samesy objectives compared to previous games where the different guilds really stood apart both in gameplay and flavor. If this iteration is setting a trend for a possible VI, Skyrim could be the last TES game I play.]Amazing game. I have 250+ hours in it and I still haven't gotten bored.]Walked into Whiterun shanked a kid then ran away 10/10]This game is simply the best!]An amazing game, stunning graphics, 9/10 would play.]This game is one of th ebest games I have ever played but there is always something bad for this game its that you cant kill everyone some people just drop down and get back up like the Jarls . 9.55/10]I love this game! Action packed with a great story line filled with lots of unexpected parts! I give it a 9/10]the best game i have ever spent money on, and its seemingly never ending!!!!]Why are you reading this ? Buy the game!]Best RPG game ever! This is one of the best games! I love this game so much!]The best game I've played in awhile. Just alot of fighting and in your own way, either with swords and bows, or magic and swords! How cool is that?!?]And the Scrolls have foretold, of amazing games in the cold, That when consoles and pc wage war come to Steam! Skyrim, Bane of TIme, ancient game unbound, With a hunger to swallow all time! Procrastinationborn, by his honor is sworn, To keep work forever at bay!]Amazing!!! Just Buy It You Wont Regret It!]Awesome storyline, awesome progression, endless replay-ability because of mods. Buy this, literally no reason not to.]Adopted a child, then I lost her by playing hide and seek. 10/10]Really cool sick game]I played Skyrim 2 years late, and you know what I say? 2 years of wasted time. This game is the epitome of an RPG/Action-Adventure game. Presentation: 9.5/10 - Everything just comes together. It just works. Graphics: 10/10 - Some of the best graphics you've likely ever seen. Especially with the right mods and ENB's. Sound: 10/10 - The soundtrack is the most beautiful I have heard in a video game. It really gives you that sense of exploration, or whatever it is you may be doing. The music during dragon fights is just mind blowing. Gameplay: 9.5/10 - The combat is fantastic, there isn't much that could be done better here in my opinion. It isn't "perfect" but it comes close enough that you can forgive the very tiny things that you may, (or may not,) notice after playing for many, many hours. Lasting Appeal: 10/10 - This game will always be one that will draw me back, with it's infinite possibilites and storyline that will be different every time you play through it. Get this game, you may think you don't like it, but you do. Trust me, you do.]freedom]I love this game, it is my life.]Brilliant game. I am still enjoying it immensely. There is so much to this game and if you want to complete it you are going to need hundreds of hours. Would definitely recommend.]Skyrim has me walking around and telling my buddies - sorry i cant hangout today i took an arrow to the knee 10/10]A Great game 9/10 this game changed the face of RPG for good , it set new standards in its genre,,, Dragon Age sucks dragon  compared to this!! Should you buy it? Hell yeah if you want a game that you can play for hours on end.]Much good    Many cool    Such awesome!    Wow.]this game is way over my top 10 it would be the first on my top -100000000000000000000000000000000000 i would realy recomend this game]"Like Skyrim with guns!" 10/10 IGN.]you can kill dragons and get high on sugar]Enjoy hundreds upon hundreds of copy-pasted dungeons, boring enemies, uninteresting skills, basic spells, fetch quests, glitches and bugs. Take in the breath takingly small Skyrim (If this is a country then how big is the planet.) as you click on draugrs, click on bandits, click on falmers, click on spiders, click on wizards, and click on dragons. Watch as your hero cinematically kills the easiest enemies in any game ever, and when you turn up the difficulty, the game lazily only increases the enemy health and damage. Feel like you haven't gotten any stronger due to the amazing scaling enemies. But people keep telling me that this is the best game ever so I guess they're right. I give this game a 10/10.]You get to  dragons in the  unprotected then you absorb their  essences and shout at giant elephants that somehow dont give a flying  but then out of nowhere a giant fat black guy bangs ur head with his floppy  so hard nasa gets jealous of how high you go, wiz khalifa be like "damn he high"]although the follower limit is 1, I somehow have 3 and I know how to get a 4th. gg also bakestabes do 30x damage and one-shot everything. would buy again 11/10]